Read our latest blog post on alternative recruitment: concrete strategies to
overcome immigration constraints

[Read the blog post
here.](https://www.bedardressources.com/en/tips/employers/alternative-
recruitment-concrete-strategies-to-overcome-immigration-
constraints#count=6&index=0&jobStatuses%5B0%5D=None)

[Logo ](/en)

[](tel:+1-877-667-0202)

[ 1-877-667-0202](tel:+1-877-667-0202)  |  Toll-free 24/7 anywhere in Canada 
  * [About](/en/about)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)
  * [Join our team](/en/join-our-team)
  * [ EN ](/en/job-search/job-opportunities)
  * [ FR ](/recherche-d-emploi/emplois-disponibles)

[Logo ](/en)

  * [Job search](/en/job-search)
[Job search](/en/job-search)

    * [Job Opportunities](/en/job-search/job-opportunities)
    * [Executives and High-Level Management](/en/job-search/executives-and-high-level-management)
    * [Sectors of activity](/en/job-search/sectors-of-activity)
    * [IT Jobs](/en/job-search/it-jobs)
  * [Employers](/en/employers)
[Employers](/en/employers)

    * [Fields of expertise](/en/employers/fields-of-expertise)
    * [Employment Agency](/en/employers/employment-agency)
    * [Permanent Recruitment](/en/employers/permanent-recruitment)
    * [International recruitment](/en/employers/international-recruitment)
    * [Headhunting for managers and executive staff](/en/employers/headhunting-for-managers-and-executive-staff)
    * [Management Consulting Services](/en/employers/management-consulting-services)
    * [Human Resources Services](/en/employers/human-resources-services)
    * [Outsourcing](/en/employers/outsourcing)
  * [Tips](/en/tips)

[Contact](/en/contact)

  * [Home](/en)
  * [Job search](/en/job-search)
  * Job Opportunities

#

Find your next job

Bedard human resources is a staffing and recruitment agency that knows how to
find the perfect position for job hunters looking for a career where they can
thrive. Don’t miss your opportunity to showcase your experience, skills, and
added value to a vast network of clients looking for talented employees like
you. Our team always goes above and beyond to match organizations and job
seekers who share the same goals. We put people at the heart of our work so
they can realize their full potential.

Get your name out there! Browse our job offers or send us a spontaneous
application today!

#### Search job offer

#### Narrow your search

Field

Food production and services (7)

Customer service (6)

Accounting - Finance (35)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing (42)

Sales (11)

General labour - Production (24)

Human Resources - Recruitment (10)

Driver - Forklift Operator (22)

Industrial Management (9)

Engineering - Technical (6)

Construction (3)

Administrative Support (8)

Marketing (2)

Purchasing (2)

Transportation - Logistics (8)

Information technology (5)

Management - Executive (6)

Location

Quebec (164)

Ontario (14)

British Columbia (4)

Alberta (2)

Nova Scotia (1)

Search a city

Status

  * Any contract type (185) 
  * Temporary (25) 
  * Temporary leading to permanent (6) 
  * Permanent (144) 
  * Long term (7) 
  * On call (1) 
  * Filled (2) 

#### Be notified of new job postings

[Follow us on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/b-dard-ressources)

Narrow your search

185 jobs(s)

Offers per page: 6121824

Spontaneous application. Go for it!

No positions correspond to your profile? Not to worry - we still want to hear
from you. The Bedard team is always on the lookout for candidates who meet the
needs of our clients and new jobs are posted daily. _So, introduce yourself_!

The Bedard team

### [Driver & Material Handler – Humanitarian Commitment](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/driver-material-handler---humanitarian-commitment-700)

Driver - Forklift Operator | Administrative Support
Published today

Are you a versatile individual looking for an opportunity to contribute to a
meaningful, human-centered mission? Are you available for variable shifts and
hold a Class 1, 2, or 3 driver’s license? Our client, a non-profit
organization (NPO), is currently looking for a Driver-Material Handler –
Humanitarian Engagement for its Ville Saint-Laurent location.

Ville St-Laurent, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/driver-material-handler---
humanitarian-commitment-700)

### [Prep-cook](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/prep-cook-304)

Food production and services

Published today

New opportunity in the event industry! Would you like to spend the summer in
the heart of Toronto and further your experience in the kitchen? We want to
meet you! Our client, a world-renowned arts organization, is looking for the
right person to assist the chef of the artist/worker cafeteria and eventually
for the VIP restaurant. If you are ready to take on new challenges, we want to
meet you!

Toronto, Toronto

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/prep-cook-304)

### [Experienced Chef](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/experienced-chef-303)

Food production and services

Published today

Bring your global kitchen experience to a fresh opportunity in Toronto! Do you
have a deep love for food, a strong work ethic, and years of experience in
fast-paced, high-volume kitchens? We want to meet you! Our client, a growing
hospitality group known for blending international flavors with modern dining,
is seeking a versatile, hardworking chef to join their team and help shape the
culinary experience in their flagship restaurant.

Toronto, Toronto

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/experienced-chef-303)

### [Warehouse Associate Partner](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/warehouse-
associate-partner-373)

General labour - Production

Published on June 4, 2025

Looking for a job where moving around is part of the deal? Good news: we’re
looking for someone who’s not afraid to roll up their sleeves. Our client in
Laval, a company specialized in the furniture industry, is looking for
warehouse workers who aren’t afraid of physical effort. If you’re the kind of
person who’d rather handle boxes than sit at a keyboard all day, you’ll feel
right at home. Here, your days aren’t spent sitting down — you’ll be lifting,
stacking, moving, and organizing. And by the end of the day, your arms might
be sore… but you’ll have the satisfaction of a job well done (and maybe a more
sculpted calf or two). This position is also a stepping stone to more: start
out as a warehouse clerk, and depending on your motivation, discipline, and
performance, you could quickly move up to order picker, forklift operator, or
even team leader. A hands-on manager is there every day to support you, guide
you, and make sure your progress matches your effort. No need to speak six
languages or be an Excel wizard — here, it’s your drive and your efficiency
that matter. In short: ✔ You’re moving all day ✔ Your efforts are recognized ✔
You grow at your own pace ✔ You get biceps (for free) **Please note: the job
title posted may differ from the internal job title to reflect commonly used
market terminology**.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/warehouse-associate-partner-373)

### [Receiving Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/receiving-team-
leader-372)

Industrial Management

Published on June 4, 2025

Look no further – this position is exclusively offered via Bedard Resources!
Our client is a multinational in Laval who is known in the high-end furniture
distribution field. They are currently seeking a confidant, skilled and
charismatic leader with excellent decision-making skills, to fill a receiving
team leader position.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/receiving-team-leader-372)

### [Shipping Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-team-
leader-371)

General labour - Production

Published on June 4, 2025

Our client is a Montreal-based company that has become an icon for their
remarkable service in high-end furniture distribution across Canada. They are
currently seeking a team leader in charge of order shipment.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-team-leader-371)

### [Building Superintendent](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/building-
superintendent-954)

Construction

Published on June 4, 2025

Does the construction industry appeal to you? Are you looking for an
opportunity to demonstrate your project management and carpentry skills? We
have the job you need! Our client, a medium-level prison facility, is looking
for a building superintendent for their technical service division. Because
you will be inclined to work in a prison environment, you may be called upon
to work with offenders.

La Macaza, Laurentides

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/building-superintendent-954)

### [Butcher](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/butcher-1002)

Food production and services

Published on June 4, 2025

Does artisanal gastronomy speak to you? If you have mastered the art of
butchery and want to combine it with your love for food, we have a delicious
opportunity for you! Our client is looking for a butcher for its butcher shop
located in Quebec City. This company, a major player in the ready-to-eat
industry for over 40 years, has a mission to offer a unique experience to both
its customers and employees. Its winning formula includes a variety of healthy
and balanced meals prepared with superior quality ingredients, but also teams
that are fulfilled, united and passionate about their industry.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/butcher-1002)

### [Forklift Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-3284)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 4, 2025

Join a dedicated team that always ensures that their operations meet their
goals through their outstanding teamwork! Our client is well-known for the
storage, consolidating and distribution of flooring materials. This is a
temporary full-time position that can lead to a permanent position for the
right dedicated candidate. As a sit down forklift operator, you will have a
key role in storage, checking and creating orders of flooring materials in the
warehouse. You will need warehouse experience. Do you want to show us that you
can make a difference? Apply now, we would like to get to know you!

Calgary, Calgary Region

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-3284)

### [Stand-Up Reverse Raymond Reach Forklift Operator](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/stand-up-reverse-raymond-reach-forklift-operator-1270)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 4, 2025

You are the conductor of material handling – the one who ensures that every
movement is executed with precision, in perfect harmony. As a forklift
operator, you will play a key role in our client's paper bag production chain,
ensuring the smooth and efficient flow of logistics operations. With skillful
command of the stand-up reverse Raymond Reach forklift, you will navigate
tight spaces with calm and dexterity, like an experienced pilot. Thanks to
your expertise, every pallet and every load will be in the right place at the
right time. Your contribution is essential: you ensure operational continuity,
fast workflows, and actively support the smooth functioning of a well-tuned
production environment.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/stand-up-reverse-raymond-reach-
forklift-operator-1270)

### [Receiving Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/receiving-team-
leader-368)

General labour - Production

Published on June 4, 2025

Look no further – this position is exclusively offered via Bedard Resources!
Our client is a multinational in Laval who is known in the high-end furniture
distribution field. They are currently seeking a confidant, skilled and
charismatic leader with excellent decision-making skills, to fill a receiving
team leader position.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/receiving-team-leader-368)

### [Shipping Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-team-
leader-369)

General labour - Production

Published on June 4, 2025

Our client is a Montreal-based company that has become an icon for their
remarkable service in high-end furniture distribution across Canada. They are
currently seeking a team leader in charge of order shipment.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-team-leader-369)

### [Evening Warehouse Associate Partner](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/evening-warehouse-associate-partner-370)

General labour - Production

Published on June 4, 2025

Looking for a job where moving around is part of the deal? Good news: we’re
looking for someone who’s not afraid to roll up their sleeves. Our client in
Laval, a company specialized in the furniture industry, is looking for
warehouse workers who aren’t afraid of physical effort. If you’re the kind of
person who’d rather handle boxes than sit at a keyboard all day, you’ll feel
right at home. Here, your days aren’t spent sitting down — you’ll be lifting,
stacking, moving, and organizing. And by the end of the day, your arms might
be sore… but you’ll have the satisfaction of a job well done (and maybe a more
sculpted calf or two). This position is also a stepping stone to more: start
out as a warehouse clerk, and depending on your motivation, discipline, and
performance, you could quickly move up to order picker, forklift operator, or
even team leader. A hands-on manager is there every day to support you, guide
you, and make sure your progress matches your effort. No need to speak six
languages or be an Excel wizard — here, it’s your drive and your efficiency
that matter. In short: ✔ You’re moving all day ✔ Your efforts are recognized ✔
You grow at your own pace ✔ You get biceps (for free) **Please note: the job
title posted may differ from the internal job title to reflect commonly used
market terminology**.

Laval, Laval

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/evening-warehouse-associate-
partner-370)

### [Operations Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-
supervisor-1411)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on June 4, 2025

With your extensive expertise in management and your ability to maintain
control, no matter the circumstances, you will embody leadership that inspires
and reassures. Your role? Oversee the operations of the gaming tables, support
poker dealers in their daily challenges, and skillfully engage with even the
most demanding clients to turn every interaction into a loyalty-building
opportunity. No bluffing: you're here to ensure everything runs with
integrity, fluidity, and elegance, leaving players with the feeling that their
experience is always a perfect hand. The paid training is yet to come.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-supervisor-1411)

### [Operations Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-
supervisor-1412)

Customer service

Published on June 3, 2025

With your extensive expertise in management and your ability to maintain
control, no matter the circumstances, you will embody leadership that inspires
and reassures. Your role? Oversee the operations of the gaming tables, support
poker dealers in their daily challenges, and skillfully engage with even the
most demanding clients to turn every interaction into a loyalty-building
opportunity. No bluffing: you're here to ensure everything runs with
integrity, fluidity, and elegance, leaving players with the feeling that their
experience is always a perfect hand. The paid training is yet to come.

Trois-Rivières, Mauricie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-supervisor-1412)

### [Game Host / Croupier](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/game-host-
croupier-1402)

Customer service

Published on June 3, 2025

#ExperienceCreator. As a game host, you will be the star of the evening,
hosting blackjack and roulette games on stage in front of a captivated
audience. You will act as both a dealer and a host: you will play the game
with a camera pointed at your table so that everyone in the room can follow
the game on a screen and participate. We are looking for expressive
individuals with exceptional interpersonal skills. Your mission? To create an
electrifying atmosphere, entertain the guests, and turn every evening into an
unforgettable event!

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/game-host-croupier-1402)

### [Host & Player Services Agent – Poker Room](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/host-player-services-agent---poker-room-1401)

Administrative Support

Published on June 3, 2025

Step into the electrifying atmosphere of the poker room, where every
interaction matters just as much as every hand played. From the moment a guest
walks through the door, you're the one who sets the tone. More than just a
point of contact, you're the one who builds trust and turns every visit into a
memorable experience. From offering a warm welcome to handling chip exchanges,
sign-ups, and reservations, you're right at the heart of the action. If you're
ready to join a team where each day brings its share of adrenaline, laughter,
and meaningful connections—then the table is set. Your move.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/host-player-services-agent---
poker-room-1401)

### [Entertainment and Customer Ambassador](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/entertainment-and-customer-ambassador-1400)

Customer service

Published on June 3, 2025

Imagine yourself strolling among the rows of slot machines, where each
customer is a new face to greet with a smile. A novice player approaches,
hesitating in front of a machine. With kindness and expertise, you explain the
rules of the game, show them how to reserve a machine, and ensure they feel
comfortable and confident. You answer their questions patiently, turning their
apprehension into enthusiasm. As an ambassador of entertainment and customer
service, you are more than a guide – you are a creator of magic. Your mission
is to make every interaction a unique moment, every question an opportunity to
showcase your kindness, and every visit an experience that makes customers
want to come back. If you have a sense of service, a love for people, and a
desire to make a difference, join our team and experience the excitement and
satisfaction of making customers happy every day.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/entertainment-and-customer-
ambassador-1400)

### [Marketing Specialist](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/marketing-
specialist-931)

Marketing

Published on June 3, 2025

Make a brand shine that transforms the elegance of quartz into exceptional
pieces! Where quality and innovation meet, a unique opportunity opens for a
creative mind ready to make an exceptional Canadian brand shine across Quebec,
Ontario, and beyond. Our client, a leading company in Pointe-Claire
specializing in the manufacture of natural quartz surfaces, is looking for a
bilingual (French/English) Marketing Specialist passionate about words,
images, and human relationships. You will be the link between national
campaigns and local realities, actively contributing to every aspect of their
presence: from digital content to event organization, visual development,
internal communications, and managing their website. If you want to grow in a
creative environment within a dynamic team where every idea is valued, this
adventure is for you!

Pointe-Claire, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/marketing-specialist-931)

### [Corporate Controller](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/corporate-
controller-817)

Accounting - Finance | Management - Executive
Published on June 3, 2025

Our client, a renowned international industrial company with operations in
several countries, is seeking a Corporate Controller to join its team at the
Canadian head office. In this role, you will oversee all financial operations,
supervise a dedicated team, and report directly to the Finance Director,
contributing to the company’s strategic management and overall financial
performance. Why Join This Company? You will thrive in a stable, structured,
and growing environment, within an organization recognized for the quality of
its products and the rigor of its practices. Our client offers excellent
employee benefits, including a generous RRSP contribution, a balanced work
schedule, and a strong commitment to employee well-being. You will be part of
an experienced, approachable, and people-oriented management team that values
autonomy, professional development, and each team member’s contribution. The
organization stands out for its openness to innovation, adoption of modern
technological tools, and dedication to financial best practices. Don't miss
this opportunity – Send us your resume today!

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/corporate-controller-817)

### [Electronic Assembler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/electronic-
assembler-1327)

General labour - Production

Published on June 3, 2025

Do you have a special interest in electronic assembly? Do you want to get
involved and grow in this field? This job is for you! Our client is a company
specializing in digital solutions and IT services. They offer a range of
services, such as application development, website design, and more. Their
team consists of talented and passionate professionals who work hard to
provide innovative solutions to their clients. Currently in high demand, our
client is looking for an electronic assembler who is eager to grow within the
company and take on new roles.

Ville St-Laurent, Montreal

Long term

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/electronic-assembler-1327)

### [Counterbalance Forklift Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/counterbalance-forklift-operator-5190)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 3, 2025

Are you an experienced forklift operator looking to take the next step in your
career? If so, apply now! Our client, a growing transportation company in
Brampton, is currently looking for a Counterbalance Forklift Operator.

Brampton, Greater Toronto

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/counterbalance-forklift-
operator-5190)

### [General Labour](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/general-labour-5040)

General labour - Production

Published on June 3, 2025

The success of the company relies on the knowledge, experience, motivation,
and hard work of its employees. If you have previous warehouse experience,
this could be the perfect role for you. Apply now, we would love to get to
know you! Our client is looking for a reliable and punctual person to work as
a General Labourer in Brampton.

Brampton, Greater Toronto

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/general-labour-5040)

### [Accounting Technician (Part-Time)](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/accounting-technician-part-time-478)

Accounting - Finance

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for a part-time position that combines flexibility and
personal fulfillment? Are you a semi-retired person feeling bored at home?
Don’t wait any longer, this job is for you! Our client, a Canadian family-
owned business with 75 years of experience, offers you this opportunity!
Located in Laval, this company specializes in the sale of Canadian
construction products and places a strong emphasis on people. You will receive
comprehensive training and personalized support to succeed in your role as an
accounting technician. This position is for you if you have 3 years of
experience in accounting and if managing financial records is second nature to
you. Don’t miss the chance to work in a stimulating environment while enjoying
an excellent work-life balance, personal time, and study opportunities!

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-technician-part-
time-478)

### [Assistant Concierge](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assistant-
concierge-465)

General labour - Production

Published on June 2, 2025

Our client, located in Sainte-Thérèse, is looking for the rare gem to perform
various tasks in their building with 150 units. As a concierge, you will be
called upon to perform urgent and maintenance work. The environment is very
warm, and all that's missing is you to complete the team!

Sainte-Therese, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assistant-concierge-465)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1770)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for physical work to keep you healthy? Do you have a Class 1
or 3 driver’s licence? Would you like to work locally to be with your family
every evening? If you want to earn a good salary and be respected by your
employer, our client, the largest food distributor in the area, would like to
meet you! They’re looking for professional drivers to deliver to all types of
food stores. If people describe you as a social person, give us a call today.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1770)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1769)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for physical work to keep you healthy? Do you have a Class 1
or 3 driver’s licence? Would you like to work locally to be with your family
every evening? If you want to earn a good salary and be respected by your
employer, our client, the largest food distributor in the area, would like to
meet you! They’re looking for professional drivers to deliver to all types of
food stores. If people describe you as a social person, give us a call today.

Rimouski, Bas-Saint-Laurent

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1769)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1768)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for physical work to keep you healthy? Do you have a class 1
or 3 driver's license and would like to work locally so you can be with your
family every evening? If you would like to earn a good salary and be respected
by your employer, our client, the largest food distributor in the area, would
like to meet you! Our client is looking for professional drivers to deliver to
all types of food stores. You're said to be a social person, so give us a call
today.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1768)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1767)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for physical work to keep you healthy? Do you have a Class 1
or 3 driver’s licence? Would you like to work locally to be with your family
every evening? If you want to earn a good salary and be respected by your
employer, our client, the largest food distributor in the area, would like to
meet you! They’re looking for professional drivers to deliver to all types of
food stores. If people describe you as a social person, give us a call today.

Saguenay, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1767)

### [Class 3 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-1762)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you looking for a permanent job in the transportation field? Do you enjoy
driving and being on the move throughout the day? We have the perfect job for
you! Don't hesitate to contact us! A company in the transportation field is
looking for class 3 drivers for local and regional deliveries. Come and secure
a job with incredible benefits.

Anjou, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-1762)

### [Recreational Vehicle Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/recreational-vehicle-mechanic-1755)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

New year, new challenges! Are you a recreational vehicle mechanic looking to
join a young and dynamic team? Do you seek a pleasant work environment,
ongoing training opportunities, and attractive social benefits? We have the
perfect position for you! Our client is a leading company in the sales and
maintenance of recreational vehicles. They are currently looking for a
mechanic to join their team. Ready to take on this challenge and advance your
career? Apply now and join a company that values your expertise and well-being
at work! Our client is looking for a resourceful and professional individual
to fill the position of recreational vehicle mechanic at their Saint-Raymond
branch.

Saint-Raymond, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/recreational-vehicle-
mechanic-1755)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1754)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on June 2, 2025

Do you possess your Class 1 license and wish to work locally to be with your
family every evening? If you desire a good salary and respect from your
employer, our client, who has been in business for nearly 100 years, wants to
meet you! Our client is seeking road professionals to deliver general LTL
merchandise. They say you are a sociable person, so call us now.

Drummondville, Centre-du-Quebec

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1754)

### [Sales Coordinator – Industrial Sector](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/sales-coordinator---industrial-sector-975)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you known for your organizational skills, ability to manage multiple
priorities simultaneously, and dedication to customer service? This position
is a unique opportunity for anyone looking to grow into a sales representative
role. As a sales coordinator, you will be mentored and trained by senior
representatives, with whom you will go directly into the field to meet clients
and gain a true understanding of their needs. This is the perfect opportunity
to combine professional development, ongoing training, and career progression
toward a strategic sales role! Our client, a well-established and growing
company in the weighing industry, is looking to add a Sales Coordinator to
their team to support commercial activity coordination and the efficient
follow-up of internal operations. The Sales Coordinator acts as the liaison
between clients, sales representatives, and the company’s various departments.
They coordinate sales projects, follow up on quotes, and handle customer
issues. Their role is essential in improving internal processes, optimizing
turnaround times, reducing costs, and ensuring smooth communication.

Beauharnois, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/sales-coordinator---industrial-
sector-975)

### [Sales Representative - Food Industry #](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/sales-representative-food-industry--995)

Sales

Published on June 2, 2025

Does developing new business and new business partners in the food industry
align with your professional skills? Would working for a company that places
human beings at the core of its mission be in line with your professional
goals? If the answer is yes, we have an opportunity that might interest you.
Our client, a leader in the production and sale of pastry products, is looking
for a Sales Representative to identify new business opportunities and
establish long-term business partnerships in the provinces of Quebec and
Ontario.

Longueuil, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/sales-representative-food-
industry--995)

### [Estimator - Electrical](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/estimator-
electrical-985)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

Do you have an analytical mindset, are you meticulous, and results-oriented?
Is project estimation in electrical work part of your professional expertise?
Are you familiar with evaluating costs, materials, and labor? If so, we would
love to meet you! The person in this position will be responsible for managing
and coordinating activities related to bids for new projects. Their primary
responsibilities include conducting in-depth analysis of received bid requests
and evaluating the needs and requirements of the projects. They will also be
tasked with transferring their recommendations to estimators so they can
create accurate and detailed quotes . Additionally, the individual will
prepare and submit project proposals in collaboration with the estimation
team, ensuring deadlines and client requirements are met. They will maintain
clear communication between departments, especially with estimators, to
optimize the quality and competitiveness of submitted offers. The estimator
reports directly to the Director of Operations in the electrical sector.

Saint-Hyacinthe, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/estimator-electrical-985)

### [Project Manager – Greenhouse Automation](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/project-manager---greenhouse-automation-973)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

Do you have solid experience managing greenhouse automation projects or
working in HVAC environments? Are you looking to grow within a human-scale
company where the atmosphere is collaborative and your skills are truly
valued? If so, we’d love to meet you! Well-known for its expertise in
industrial automation, our client, located in Saint-Hyacinthe, is looking to
add a seasoned Project Manager to its team who can oversee complete mandates,
from initial analysis to commissioning.

Saint-Hyacinthe, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/project-manager---greenhouse-
automation-973)

### [Quality Control Technician](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-
control-technician-1694)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

Our partner embodies excellence in the field of food processing. With a rich
history and a steadfast commitment to quality, they have established an
excellent reputation. Today, they are opening their doors to a talented
professional who will join their team as Quality Control Technician. Under the
direction of their Quality Coordinator, you will have the opportunity to
contribute to their legacy by performing a diverse range of essential tasks.
Your contribution will play a crucial role in their ongoing commitment to
excellence and customer satisfaction. You will work in an environment where
your autonomy, initiative, and problem-solving skills will be essential assets
to collective success.

Sainte-Sophie, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-control-technician-1694)

### [CNC Programmer – CATIA V5](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-programmer
---catia-v5-1355)

Information technology

Published on June 2, 2025

Do you have a strong command of CATIA V5 and excel at creating complex CNC
toolpaths? Do you understand the challenges of machining critical aluminum or
titanium parts, and know how to translate technical requirements into
optimized programs ready for production? We are looking for an experienced CNC
programmer capable of developing, testing, and fine-tuning high-precision
machining sequences in an environment where quality, safety, and deadlines are
essential. If you want to contribute to large-scale projects in the aerospace
industry and work with cutting-edge tools like CATIA V5 and Vericut, we want
to hear from you.

Mirabel, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-programmer---catia-v5-1355)

### [Assembler-Welder](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-welder-1384)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on June 2, 2025

The work of a welder is not limited to the fusion of metals, but to the fusion
of passions, creating solid and durable works. Our client is looking to
welcome new talents to their team to strengthen their family of passionate and
dedicated welders, always focused on maintaining quality. This role offers you
the opportunity to participate in exciting projects in a dynamic environment,
while perfecting your skills and evolving within a close-knit team. If you are
passionate about automated machinery manufacturing and eager to develop your
manual skills, don’t hesitate to send us your resume!

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-welder-1384)

### [Technical Representative in Instrumentation](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/technical-representative-in-instrumentation-1378)

Sales

Published on June 2, 2025

Your sales experience could become your next passport to a career within a
globally renowned company as a technical representative on the road. If you
enjoy traveling and meeting new people, our associate has multiple factories
and manufacturing facilities in the field of electrotechnics and
instrumentation for you to explore. You will meet customers who, like you,
hold customer service quality and suggested products in high regard. Our
partner, a Canadian company that distributes and manufactures state-of-the-art
instruments used in industrial applications, is looking for a Technical
Representative in Instrumentation. A company at the forefront of its niche and
constantly offering solutions and services to their customers. They specialize
in temperature sensors and their ISO 17025 lab offers many services.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/technical-representative-in-
instrumentation-1378)

### [Customer Service Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/customer-
service-representative-1841)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on June 2, 2025

Our client is a dynamic and rapidly expanding leader in the logistics
industry, standing out from the competition with exceptional solutions across
North America. As they continue to grow, they're looking for a passionate
Customer Service Representative to be part of their team at their Vaudreuil-
Dorion location. Are you ready to take on new challenges in a fast-paced,
innovative environment? Do you have at least 3 years of experience in the
transportation industry? If so, we want to hear from YOU!

Vaudreuil-Dorion, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/customer-service-
representative-1841)

### [Recruitment Consultant](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/recruitment-
consultant-2012)

Human Resources - Recruitment

Published on June 2, 2025

Are you driven, people-focused, and eager to make a real impact? If autonomy,
customer service, recruitment, and professional development are at the heart
of what motivates you, then we have the perfect opportunity for you! We’re
looking for a recruitment consultant with a understanding of the industrial
sector and a passion for connecting the right people to the right roles.
Whether you're welcoming new hires or selecting top talent, your ability to
thrive in warehouse environments will be key to your success. At Bedard
Resources, we believe in the potential for growth. For nearly 30 years, our
human resources firm has been helping companies across all industries find the
right people. Our team brings together experts in every field, and our
reputation is recognized across Canada.

Edmonton, Edmonton Capital Region

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/recruitment-consultant-2012)

### [IT Solutions and Procurement Advisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/it-
solutions-and-procurement-advisor-1805)

Information technology | Purchasing
Published on June 2, 2025

A company specialized in IT consulting services, our client supports
organizations in implementing innovative technology solutions to drive their
growth and operational efficiency. Reporting to the Vice President, the IT
Solutions and Procurement Advisor will play a strategic role in acquiring
high-performance technology solutions. Working closely with technical teams
and partners, you will propose customized options, negotiate the best
agreements, and actively contribute to project profitability. This is a
dynamic role focused on collaboration, strategic market monitoring, and
measurable impact.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/it-solutions-and-procurement-
advisor-1805)

### [Carpenter / Masonry Worker](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/carpenter-
masonry-worker-479)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 31, 2025

Our client, located on the North Shore, is a company specializing in the
import and distribution of natural stone. They are seeking a carpenter/masonry
worker to create frames and display panels to showcase their products to
commercial partners. We collaborate with a wide network of clients and
retailers across the country.

Terrebonne, Lanaudiere

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/carpenter-masonry-worker-479)

### [Electric Forklift Operator / dockman](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/electric-forklift-operator-dockman-365)

General labour - Production

Published on May 31, 2025

Several position available on several different shifts. Do you sometimes feel
like the forks of your lift are actually extensions of your own arms? So much
so, that you can flip a coin better with your forks than you can with your own
thumb? What does your spirit forklift think of this offer? So much so, that
you can flip a coin better with your forks than you can with your own thumb?
Aboard with our client, also means you’re part of a dynamic team as a full-
time or part-time forklift operator in the Dorval area. In addition to your
deep-rooted knowledge of transportation, you will have all the support and
training required for your professional development. This will, in turn,
secure a career with one of the best-managed Canadian companies. We think it's
time for you to put away your coin and join us!

Dorval, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/electric-forklift-operator-
dockman-365)

### [Fire Alarm System Installer – Referral Bonus](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/fire-alarm-system-installer---referral-bonus-1354)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 31, 2025

Do you know someone who might be a good fit for this position? We offer a
referral bonus for any recommendation that leads to a successful hire. Are you
looking to join a team dedicated to fire safety, where technical expertise
meets an unwavering commitment to protecting lives and property? Join our
client, who offers more than just a job as a fire alarm installer. As a key
member of the team, you’ll have the opportunity to put your technical know-how
into practice while contributing to customer safety. If you’re passionate
about precision, reliability, and innovation in fire safety, this opportunity
is for you. Take on the challenge and help create safer environments with our
business partner. Our client is currently seeking a reliable, approachable,
and self-sufficient candidate to fill the position of Fire Alarm System
Installer, based in Lachine

Lachine, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/fire-alarm-system-installer---
referral-bonus-1354)

### [Accounting & Finance Manager – QuickBooks Implementation](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/accounting-finance-manager---quickbooks-
implementation-919)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 31, 2025

Look no further – this opportunity is exclusively available through Bédard
Ressources! A leading player in the world of professional trade shows, our
client designs spectacular custom booths that capture attention, elevate brand
image, and transform every event into an exceptional showcase. We are looking
for a Financial Controller in Blainville with experience in system
implementation to support the growth of two divisions. If you’re ready to take
on a new challenge in an environment where your expertise will make a real
impact, this opportunity is for you! Knowledge of QuickBooks is a must-have.

Blainville, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-finance-manager---
quickbooks-implementation-919)

### [Maintenance Technician – Hotel Industry](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/maintenance-technician---hotel-industry-974)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 31, 2025

Would you like to put your technical maintenance skills to use in a
prestigious, dynamic, and people-focused hotel environment? Do you take pride
in a job well done and enjoy interacting with people? If so, this opportunity
is for you! Located in the heart of downtown Montreal, our client is looking
to hire three Maintenance Technicians to support its growing needs: \- 1 full-
time day shift position \- 1 full-time night shift position \- 1 part-time
weekend position The company welcomes applicants who hold an open work permit
or a study permit for the part-time role. You will play a key role in ensuring
the smooth operation of the facilities and maintaining an excellent guest
experience.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/maintenance-technician---hotel-
industry-974)

### [Welder-Assembler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-assembler-234)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 30, 2025

Are you detail-oriented with expert hands for shaping metal? Perfect! Our
client, a well-established Quebec company based in Saint-Jérôme specializing
in metal fabrication, is looking for a welder-assembler. This role is a great
opportunity to showcase your welding skills and, who knows, possibly secure a
permanent position!

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-assembler-234)

### [Electromechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/electromechanic-367)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 30, 2025

A long three day weekends wouldn't that be fantastic?! That's what we're
offering you by joining us. Whether you're just starting out or an experienced
electromechanic, an engaging and rewarding environment awaits you with this
opportunity. If being collaborative and resourceful are your two main
qualities, we’re a good fit. We are looking for an electromechanic to complete
our team. Good mood and camaraderie await you in the state-of-the-art assembly
line. Come and carve out a place for yourself in the most innovative company
in the concrete products sector. We are waiting for you!

Saint-Remi, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/electromechanic-367)

### [Accounts Payable and Receivable Clerk](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/accounts-payable-and-receivable-clerk-562)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 30, 2025

We are currently looking for an Accounts Payable and Receivable Clerk for a
6-month maternity leave replacement. This is a unique opportunity to join a
company with strong human values and a meaningful mission! Come find your
place in a team that thinks big!

Pointe-Claire, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounts-payable-and-receivable-
clerk-562)

### [Evening Supervis](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/evening-supervis-1213)

Industrial Management

Published on May 30, 2025

Our client is a major player in the fashion industry, known for its impressive
network of over 400 stores across Canada and the United States. With a history
spanning more than 50 years, the company focuses on innovation, strong team
performance, and customer satisfaction. With over 6,000 employees, this large-
scale organization continues to stand out in the digital retail space. As part
of its continued growth, the company is seeking an Evening Supervisor — a key
individual ready to take on new challenges. This opportunity might be for you!

Mont-Royal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/evening-supervis-1213)

### [Welder-Assembler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-assembler-481)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 30, 2025

Our client, a dynamic company located in Blainville and a world leader in the
manufacturing of emergency and industrial aluminum structures, is looking to
strengthen its team. Known for its commitment to employees, work-life balance,
and innovation, this organization values continuous development and
collaboration. We are seeking an expert, passionate, and recognized welder-
assembler capable of sharing their expertise and leading a team towards
excellence. If you want to grow in a stimulating environment where your skills
will be fully valued, this position is for you!

Blainville, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-assembler-481)

### [Machinist/Programmer – Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/machinist-programmer---team-leader-482)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 30, 2025

Are you an experienced machinist with a passion for optimization and team
coordination? Join an innovative company in Blainville, a global leader in the
manufacturing of emergency and industrial aluminum structures. Here, technical
excellence, teamwork, work-life balance, and professional development are key
values. We are looking for a strong technical leader to support production and
improve machining methods. If you're seeking more than just a job — if you
want to make a real impact — we want to meet you.

Blainville, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/machinist-programmer---team-
leader-482)

### [Billing Clerk](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/billing-clerk-731)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 30, 2025

Do invoicing, accounts payable and receivable, and managing the full supplier
cycle hold no secrets for you? Better yet — are they your favorite playground?
If so, this opportunity is tailor-made for you! Our client, a well-established
company specializing in refrigeration, air conditioning, and ventilation, is
looking for a Billing Clerk to join their dynamic team based in Saint-Bruno-
de-Montarville.

Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/billing-clerk-731)

### [Logistics and Customer Service Coordinator #932](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/logistics-and-customer-service-coordinator-932-932)

Administrative Support | Transportation - Logistics
Published on May 29, 2025

Verdun, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/logistics-and-customer-service-
coordinator-932-932)

### [Executive Chef – VIP Event Catering](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/executive-chef---vip-event-catering-301)

Food production and services

Published on May 29, 2025

Are you ready to combine your culinary excellence with the vibrant energy of
an exceptional artistic environment? Spend a unique summer in an iconic
setting and deliver an unforgettable gastronomic experience in the heart of
Montréal’s Old Port. Our client, a globally renowned cultural organization, is
seeking a passionate and dedicated Chef to lead the kitchen of the cafeteria
serving artists and technical teams, with the opportunity to expand your
expertise to the prestigious VIP restaurant. Your leadership and keen
attention to detail will be key to elevating every service in an atmosphere
where creativity meets precision.

Montréal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/executive-chef---vip-event-
catering-301)

### [Prep cook – VIP Event Catering & Culinary Services](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/prep-cook---vip-event-catering-culinary-services-302)

Food production and services

Published on May 29, 2025

Dreaming of blending your passion for food with the energy of the artistic
scene? Spend your summer in a one-of-a-kind setting and dive into a unique
culinary experience in the heart of Montréal’s Old Port! Our client, a
globally recognized cultural organization, is looking for a Line Cook to
support operations in the staff and crew cafeteria, with the opportunity to
contribute to the VIP restaurant. As a line cook, you’ll be the chef’s right
hand — prepping ingredients, plating dishes, and keeping the kitchen running
smoothly. It’s a key role where your support makes all the difference, in a
fast-paced and creative environment!

Montréal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/prep-cook---vip-event-catering-
culinary-services-302)

### [Customer Relations Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/customer-relations-representative-738)

Customer service

Published on May 29, 2025

If customer service, to you, means listening, building trust, and effectively
managing relationships between partners and distribution networks, then this
opportunity is for you. Our partner, a leader in its field, is looking for a
bilingual (French and English) individual with strong communication and
customer service skills to join their Longueuil office as a Customer Relations
Representative. You will ensure a high-quality customer experience by managing
every step—from the first contact to follow-up operations. You will become a
key point of contact for clients and distributors, facilitating the flow of
information, supporting decision-making, and building trusted relationships.
You will act as a vital link between internal teams, client needs, and the
solutions offered.

Longueuil, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/customer-relations-
representative-738)

### [Kitchen Designer](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/kitchen-designer-1205)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 29, 2025

Don’t look any further – this opportunity is offered exclusively through
Bédard Ressources! For the past 35 years, our client has been designing and
manufacturing commercial furniture for trade show booths and showrooms.
Recently, the company launched a new specialized department focused on a
targeted clientele, for the execution of custom residential and commercial
furniture projects. In addition to handling projects assigned by the in-house
contractor, you will have the opportunity to develop your own portfolio by
targeting residential and commercial projects. In collaboration with
designers, architects, and construction companies, you will play a key role in
the growth of this department.

Blainville, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/kitchen-designer-1205)

### [Transportation Health and Safety Advisor](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/transportation-health-and-safety-advisor-1758)

Food production and services | Human Resources - Recruitment
Published on May 29, 2025

Are you looking for a family-oriented work environment where respect and
teamwork are core values? Do you want a Monday-to-Friday schedule and have at
least one year of experience in a similar role? Are you seeking a competitive
salary and an employer who values respect? If so, our client, a food product
distributor, would love to meet you! Our client is currently seeking a
Prevention Specialist for their warehouse in Boucherville. If you are
passionate about health and safety in the workplace and prevention, we want to
meet you!

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/transportation-health-and-safety-
advisor-1758)

### [Technical Sales Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/technical-
sales-representative-1208)

Sales

Published on May 29, 2025

Our client, a recognized leader in the design and manufacturing of custom
industrial equipment dedicated to flow control and evacuation, is looking to
add a Technical Sales Representative focused on business development. This
individual will play a strategic role in expanding the client base,
prospecting new markets, and supporting existing clients in the planning and
execution of their specialized projects. The selected candidate will serve as
a key liaison between the company and its partners. They will be driven by
collaboration with various industry stakeholders, including installers,
manufacturer representatives, engineering consulting firms, engineers, and
contractors, to fully understand the technical requirements of each project
and offer customized solutions based on our client’s product line.

Terrebonne, Lanaudiere

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/technical-sales-
representative-1208)

### [Staff Manager](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/staff-manager-1258)

Human Resources - Recruitment | Sales
Published on May 29, 2025

You’re not just good with people — you know how to bring out the best in them.
As a Staff Manager, you will play a central role in coordinating team
operations, leading recruitment efforts, and ensuring operational excellence
across multiple sites. Your ability to align talent with opportunity, foster
lasting client relationships, and contribute to our strategic growth will be
key to expanding our presence in Ontario. The job title displayed may differ
from the one listed under "internal title" to make it easier for job seekers
to find the position using a commonly used market title.

Mississauga, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/staff-manager-1258)

### [Account Development Advisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/account-
development-advisor-1268)

Human Resources - Recruitment

Published on May 29, 2025

Every talent has a story, every company has a vision. Your role is to connect
the two. We are looking for an Account Development Advisor who wants to play
both a strategic and human-centered role. Someone who knows how to navigate
with agility between priorities, who understands both business challenges and
individual aspirations, and who wants to actively contribute to building
strong and engaged teams. If you want to create lasting connections in a
fulfilling environment where your ideas and interpersonal skills are truly
valued, we want to meet you. **The job title displayed may differ from the
internal title used for easier job search with a title commonly used in the
market.**

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/account-development-advisor-1268)

### [Staff Manager](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/staff-manager-1269)

Human Resources - Recruitment | Sales
Published on May 29, 2025

Leading teams, building strong relationships, and mobilizing your network —
sound like your kind of challenge? We have a unique opportunity for you. As a
Staff Manager, you’ll play a central role in coordinating operations across
multiple sites while driving recruitment efforts for our clients. Your
mission? Supervise teams, nurture trusted relationships with both clients and
employees, and actively contribute to the growth of our presence across the
Greater Montreal area. If you're ready to take on a role where leadership
meets human connection, we’d love to meet you! **The job title displayed may
differ from the internal title used for easier job search with a title
commonly used in the market.**

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/staff-manager-1269)

### [Class 3 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-1773)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 28, 2025

Here's your opportunity to be part of a winning team with leaders who listen
to their employees. Are you looking for a position where the challenge
motivates you? If your strength lies in driving a Class 3 truck, and you enjoy
physical work, this position is for you. Our client is a transport company
that has been in operation for over 25 years. They are seeking Class 3 drivers
passionate about challenges. If you appreciate driving a truck while staying
in shape, you are the person we are looking for.

Montreal-Est, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-1773)

### [Warehouse Clerk](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/warehouse-clerk-1001)

General labour - Production

Published on May 28, 2025

Are you comfortable with physical work? If you're someone who thrives in a
fast-paced environment and is looking for a job in a dynamic setting, this
opportunity is for you. Our client is looking for a Material Handler for their
container management center located in Lévis. A well-established player in the
transportation and logistics sector for over 40 years, the company has built a
strong reputation based on reliability, precision, and a people-first
approach. They offer a stimulating, safe, and structured work environment
where every team member plays a vital role in ensuring smooth operations.

Levis, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/warehouse-clerk-1001)

### [Invigilator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/invigilator-1413)

Administrative Support

Published on May 28, 2025

A few hours here and there, a few interactions every now and then, this is
what we call the perfect job to fit into your student schedule or between two
golf games in your retired life! It’s in a quiet and peaceful environment that
you will supervise students during their construction industry exams. Your
smile and natural kindness will calm their nervousness during this key stage
of their career path. Do we schedule you?

Sherbrooke, Estrie

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/invigilator-1413)

### [Invigilator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/invigilator-1387)

Administrative Support

Published on May 28, 2025

A few hours here and there, a few interactions every now and then, this is
what we call the perfect job to fit into your student schedule or between two
golf games in your retired life! It’s in a quiet and peaceful environment that
you will supervise students during their construction industry exams. Your
smile and natural kindness will calm their nervousness during this key stage
of their career path. Do we schedule you?

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/invigilator-1387)

### [Structure Assembler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/structure-
assembler-678)

General labour - Production

Published on May 28, 2025

Are you a hands-on, versatile person determined to do quality work? Do you
enjoy challenges and seek an employer with whom you can build a long-term
relationship? This position is made for you! Our client, a company
specializing in the manufacturing of wooden structural components, is looking
for a qualified assembler for their site located in Saints-Anges. In addition
to your assembly and structural skills, we are looking for a true "jack-of-
all-trades" who can bring expertise and ingenuity to the workplace on a daily
basis. Join a team that values its employees and enjoy a permanent position
with competitive pay and development opportunities.

Saints-Anges, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/structure-assembler-678)

### [Lease Administrator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/lease-
administrator-1204)

Industrial Management | Administrative Support
Published on May 28, 2025

Since 1895, our client has stood out through innovative projects in the
commercial, residential, and industrial sectors. Looking to work in a family-
oriented environment where people are the top priority? This opportunity is
for you. Our client is seeking a Lease Administrator to join a young, dynamic,
and rapidly growing team.

Vaudreuil-Dorion, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/lease-administrator-1204)

### [Industrial Painter](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-
painter-1207)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 28, 2025

Add color to your career! Are you passionate about finishing and detail-
oriented? Do you enjoy working in an environment where your expertise makes
all the difference? Then this opportunity is for you! Our client is proud to
design and manufacture high-quality metal products for commercial, industrial,
and institutional sectors.

Senneville, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-painter-1207)

### [++FILLED++ Senior Estimator - Project Management in Metal
Structures](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-senior-estimator-project-
management-in-metal-structures-95)

Construction

Published on May 28, 2025

Do you have solid expertise in estimation and project management in the field
of wrought metals? Are you looking for a stimulating challenge within a
growing company, recognized for its expertise and the quality of its
achievements? Do you want to evolve in a dynamic environment, within a
passionate and committed team? This opportunity is for you! Our client, a
well-established company specializing in the manufacturing and installation of
metal structures and wrought metals, is looking for a Senior Estimator -
Project Management in Metal Structures. Reporting to the operations
management, you will play a key role in estimating projects and coordinating
tasks to ensure their smooth execution and profitability.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-senior-estimator-project-
management-in-metal-structures-95)

### [CNC Machinist](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-machinist-1356)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 28, 2025

Do you have expertise in machining complex parts and want to contribute your
skills to high-precision projects in the aerospace sector? Our client is
seeking an experienced, detail-oriented, and autonomous CNC Machinist capable
of reading technical drawings, setting up complex assemblies, and producing
high-quality parts that meet rigorous standards. You will be working in a
structured environment where precision, reliability, and continuous
improvement are at the core of operations.

Mirabel, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-machinist-1356)

### [Delivery Driver – Class 5](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/delivery-driver
---class-5-228)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 28, 2025

Do you have a Class 5 driver’s license and experience in delivery? Are you
reliable, punctual, and enjoy staying active throughout the day? A great
opportunity awaits you in Laval! Our client, a well-established company in the
energy sector, is looking for a delivery driver to make local deliveries to
various construction sites. The position is expected to start in mid-June. You
will be responsible for providing safe and efficient delivery service within a
50 km radius of the warehouse located in Laval.

Laval, Laval

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/delivery-driver---class-5-228)

### [CNC Machinist Assistant](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-machinist-
assistant-1385)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 27, 2025

Are you looking to grow in a technical environment, learn alongside
experienced machinists, and contribute to the manufacturing of high-precision
parts? This CNC Machinist Assistant position is an excellent opportunity to
develop your machining skills and take part in the production of critical
components for the aerospace industry.

Mirabel, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-machinist-assistant-1385)

### [Structural Engineer (Building Structure)](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/structural-engineer-building-structure-972)

Engineering - Technical

Published on May 27, 2025

Would you like to design innovative and sustainable structures while
contributing to a variety of construction projects? Are you looking to grow
within a firm known for its expertise in structural engineering and
collaborative work environment? If so, we’d love to meet you! Our client, a
growing engineering consulting firm based in the Beauce region, is looking to
expand its team of building structure experts. As a Structural Engineer
(Building Framework), you will participate in the design of concrete, steel,
and wood structures for commercial, industrial, and residential projects.

Sainte-Marie, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/structural-engineer-building-
structure-972)

### [Heavy Vehicle Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-vehicle-
mechanic-503)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 27, 2025

New year, new challenges! Are you a mechanic looking for a young, dynamic
team? Do you want a great work environment, ongoing training, and a range of
benefits? We have an exciting position to offer! For nearly 40 years, our
client has been a key player in the maintenance and manufacturing of chassis
for tanker trucks. They are currently looking for a mechanic to join their
team! Ready to take on this challenge and advance your career? Apply now and
join a company that values your expertise as much as your well-being at work!

Pointe-aux-Trembles, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-vehicle-mechanic-503)

### [CNC Master Machinist](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-master-
machinist-502)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 27, 2025

Are you an experienced and autonomous machinist looking for an environment
where precision and efficiency are at the core of every task? Put your talent
to work in a shop where discipline and passion for the trade are part of the
company’s DNA. A well-established family-owned business in Laval, known for
its operational excellence and team stability, is looking to add a CNC Master
Machinist to its workshop. Since 1970, the company has been producing series
parts with consistency and precision. In a clean, bright, and structured
40,000 sq. ft. facility, over 20 machine tools are in operation. The team
stands out for its longevity — with an average tenure of over 20 years. Here,
craftsmanship is respected, and your trade truly matters.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cnc-master-machinist-502)

### [Administrative Assistant | Accounting Secretary](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/administrative-assistant-accounting-secretary-929)
Administrative Support

Published on May 27, 2025

We’ve been a recruitment partner for this company for several years! Our
client, a leader in the fire alarm systems industry located in Ville Saint-
Laurent, is offering more than just a job—it’s a true career opportunity! With
an average employee tenure of nearly 10 years, this company stands out for its
culture based on respect, attentive listening, and employee recognition.
Collaboration is at the heart of everything they do. As part of their
continued growth, our client is seeking an administrative assistant committed
to a long-term career. You’ll join a team dedicated to offering personalized
support, comprehensive training, and continuous guidance to help you thrive in
your new role. Apply now!

Ville St-Laurent, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/administrative-assistant-
accounting-secretary-929)

### [CPA Accountant – Relocation Bonus](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cpa-
accountant---relocation-bonus-928)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 27, 2025

Have you ever thought that your career could better align with your lifestyle?
That the daily stress, traffic jams, and constant pressure just don’t hold the
same value they once did? This position might be the opportunity to realign
your priorities—without compromising your ambitions. Our client, a well-
established mining group based in Val-d’Or, is seeking a CPA to take on a
strategic role within a stable and committed team. The structure is solid, the
responsibilities are meaningful, and the expertise is recognized. A relocation
bonus is offered to ease the transition. Choosing Val-d’Or doesn’t mean
isolating yourself. It means getting closer to what really matters: peace,
nature, community, and a work environment where there’s truly time to do
things right. Here, your daily life takes on a new rhythm—simpler, healthier,
and more in tune with your values. Are you a CPA feeling the pull toward a
thoughtful, lasting, and meaningful change? This might be the opportunity
you’ve been waiting for.

Val-d'Or, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cpa-accountant---relocation-
bonus-928)

### [CPA Accountant](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cpa-accountant-927)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 27, 2025

THE OPPORTUNITY YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR IS FINALLY HERE! In Val-d’Or, where
forests meet mining expertise, a unique opportunity awaits you. Imagine a
stimulating position, surrounded by passionate colleagues—without having to
leave your region, your world, your balance. We are recruiting a CPA
Accountant to join a MINING GROUP that places professional excellence and the
well-being of its employees at the heart of its priorities. Enjoy many
benefits: a competitive salary, insurance, a group retirement savings plan
with contributions, and much more. Not to mention on-site health services and
the enjoyable moments shared with your colleagues! Here, you are not just a
number. You are a person, a pillar, a partner.

Val-d'Or, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/cpa-accountant-927)

### [Accounting Technician](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-
technician-918)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 27, 2025

Want to work on the North Shore without the hassle of traffic? Our client
offers you a golden opportunity: a stimulating work environment and the
stability that will allow you to thrive! This is a unique opportunity to boost
your career, as you will become the right-hand of the chief accountant and
have a direct impact on the company's financial management. With at least 3
years of experience as an accounting technician and a perfect mastery of
routine tasks, this position is tailor-made for you!

Bois-des-Filion, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-technician-918)

### [Business Development Director](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/business-
development-director-1839)

Information technology | Sales
Published on May 27, 2025

You have an innate talent for sales. No one can resist your charisma and
social skills, allowing you to present a clear and persuasive pitch. You
easily establish a strong trust with your clients. Are you passionate about
new technologies, devouring articles on the subject? Are you looking for new
challenges that combine your love for sales with your passion for IT? Your
successes have built your reputation—contact us! Our client, a specialist in
IT solutions, is looking for an autonomous, organized, and meticulous Business
Development Director.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/business-development-
director-1839)

### [System Administrator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/system-
administrator-1804)

Information technology

Published on May 27, 2025

Well-established in the IT industry for over 25 years, this company provides
IT services to a diverse client base in the greater Montreal area and the
North Shore. Its team consists of passionate professionals who work together
to deliver effective solutions tailored to clients' needs. As part of its
growth, the company is currently seeking a System Administrator to join its
team at the Repentigny office.

Repentigny, Lanaudiere

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/system-administrator-1804)

### [Executive Assistant (Experience in an architecture or engineering
firm)](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/executive-assistant-experience-in-an-
architecture-or-engineering-firm-732)

Administrative Support

Published on May 27, 2025

Do you want to be part of one of the best architecture and interior design
firms in Canada? Do you have experience as an executive assistant in an
architecture or engineering firm? Are you someone who makes things happen when
you walk into a room, who understands the dynamics of the business?
Contributing to the achievement of goals and being a key player in
administrative management development is a passion for you and part of your
DNA? We want you to be part of this amazing team.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/executive-assistant-experience-
in-an-architecture-or-engineering-firm-732)

### [Production Laborer](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-
laborer-340)

General labour - Production

Published on May 26, 2025

Looking to take on new challenges in a dynamic environment where your manual
skills truly make a difference? This opportunity is for you! A leader in the
design and manufacturing of packaging in Quebec, our client, firmly
established in Boucherville, is seeking production workers to join their team.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-laborer-340)

### [Experienced Electrical Professional - Relocation Assistance to
Timmins](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/experienced-electrical-professional-
relocation-assistance-to-timmins-1358)

Engineering - Technical | Skilled Trades - Manufacturing
Published on May 26, 2025

Are you an experienced electrical professional with a strong background in
industrial and mining environments? Our client, a 100% employee-owned
multidisciplinary firm, is looking for a skilled Electrical Technologist or
Designer to join their team in Timmins, Ontario. This is a unique opportunity
to contribute to impactful, hands-on projects in the mining and industrial
sectors across Northern Ontario. Based in the region or open to relocating?
This role offers the autonomy and support in a collaborative setting where
innovation is valued, and professional development is encouraged.

Timmins, Cochrane

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/experienced-electrical-
professional-relocation-assistance-to-timmins-1358)

### [Senior Project Manager, Electrical Engineering - Relocation Assistance to
Timmins](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/senior-project-manager-electrical-
engineering-relocation-assistance-to-timmins-1359)

Industrial Management | Engineering - Technical
Published on May 26, 2025

You’re a seasoned electrical professional and natural project leader, ready
for more than just another role. You want your voice to matter, your expertise
to shape outcomes, and your work to impact communities and industries. If that
speaks to you, meet a firm where ownership is a way of life. Our client, a
fully employee-owned consulting company rooted in Ontario’s mining and
industrial sectors, seeks a Senior Project Manager, Electrical Engineering to
lead major infrastructure projects across Canada. Based in the region or open
to relocating? Join a collaborative team that empowers your professional
growth.

Timmins, Cochrane

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/senior-project-manager-
electrical-engineering-relocation-assistance-to-timmins-1359)

### [Dishwasher](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/dishwasher-1000)

Food production and services

Published on May 26, 2025

Does artisanal gastronomy speak to you? If you have mastered the art of
dishwashing and would like to combine it with your love for food, we have a
delicious opportunity for you! Our client is looking for a dishwasher for its
ready-to-eat kiosk located in Quebec City. This company, a major player in the
ready-to-eat industry for over 40 years, has a mission to offer a unique
experience to both its customers and employees. Its winning formula includes a
variety of healthy and balanced meals, prepared with superior quality
ingredients, but also teams that are fulfilled, united and passionate about
their industry.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/dishwasher-1000)

### [Shipping and Receiving Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/shipping-and-receiving-supervisor-1380)

Industrial Management

Published on May 24, 2025

Are you the type of person who likes when everything runs smoothly? At our
client’s facility—an industrial manufacturer—every detail matters. To ensure
that everything gets to its destination on time, they are looking for a
Shipping and Receiving Supervisor who can juggle schedules, pallets, and
priorities with ease. In a plant where the air smells of metal and precision,
you’ll play a key role in moving finished products to customers with
efficiency and accuracy. If you’re organized, proactive, and like when
everything is neatly tied up, this opportunity is for you!

LaSalle, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-and-receiving-
supervisor-1380)

### [Service Manager – Workshop and Equipment](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/service-manager---workshop-and-equipment-56)

Management - Executive | Industrial Management
Published on May 24, 2025

Are you known for your hands-on leadership and your ability to efficiently
coordinate technical operations? Are you looking for a new challenge where
your skills in workshop management, operations coordination, and team
supervision will have a tangible impact? This position offers you the
opportunity to leverage your expertise while actively contributing to the
performance and growth of a well-structured and thriving company. Our partner,
a well-established family-owned business specializing in the sale, rental, and
maintenance of forklifts, is seeking a Service Manager – Workshop and
Equipment. Reporting to the General Management, you will be responsible for
the full management of the mechanical workshop, technical staff, and the flow
of incoming and outgoing equipment. This role places you at the heart of
operations, with a direct impact on performance, customer satisfaction, and
service quality.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/service-manager---workshop-and-
equipment-56)

### [Digital Press Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/digital-press-
operator-1383)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 24, 2025

Are you the kind of professional who immediately desires autonomy in a new
role and seeks trust from your employer? This dream may come true sooner than
you think if you have experience in the digital printing industry! Come join a
dynamic team. Our client, a rapidly growing company, has just opened a new
facility in Lachine. They are committed to offering expertise and personalized
service through their highly skilled team of professionals. Moreover, they use
eco-friendly printing papers to reduce their environmental footprint. Each
employee contributes to our client’s reputation by using their skills and
knowledge from day one. Your experience will be welcomed with open arms!

Lachine, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/digital-press-operator-1383)

### [Heavy Equipment Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-equipment-
mechanic-236)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 24, 2025

The giants of the construction site hold no secrets for you: maintenance,
repair, troubleshooting—you know how to get them back up and running quickly
and efficiently. Our client, a cutting-edge technology company, is looking for
an experienced and self-reliant Heavy Equipment Mechanic. You will work in a
modern workshop in Mirabel, as well as directly on job sites, thanks to a
fully equipped service truck. Your expertise will keep the machines in top
shape to help our clients complete their work smoothly.

Mirabel, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-equipment-mechanic-236)

### [Assembler-Welder](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-welder-1210)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 23, 2025

Is teamwork one of the values you seek in a job? We have the perfect place for
you! If you also want to be trained and become versatile, this opportunity is
for you. Since its creation, our client has never stopped evolving. They excel
both in manufacturing and distributing industrial plastic products. The
challenges are significant, and our client is looking for someone who can
elevate the team to the next level and ensure stability for the future.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-welder-1210)

### [Talent and Client Relations Consultant](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/talent-and-client-relations-consultant-1257)

Human Resources - Recruitment

Published on May 23, 2025

If managing teams, growing business, and leveraging your network sounds like
second nature, this opportunity was made for you. We’re looking for a Talent
and Client Relations Consultant to coordinate staff operations across multiple
sites while leading recruitment efforts for our clients. You’ll play a key
role in managing teams, building lasting client and employee partnerships, and
contributing to growing our presence in Ontario. **The job title displayed may
differ from the one listed under "internal title" to make it easier for job
seekers to find the position using a commonly used market title.**

Mississauga, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/talent-and-client-relations-
consultant-1257)

### [Call Center Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/call-center-
representative-561)

Customer service

Published on May 23, 2025

Operating in the auto and home insurance industry, the company is seeking a
resourceful and detail-oriented individual to fill a call center
representative position serving all our branches across the province.

Mirabel, Laurentides

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/call-center-representative-561)

### [Store Manager](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/store-manager-1203)

Sales

Published on May 22, 2025

Our client is experiencing strong growth and is looking for a Store Manager to
support this momentum. Are you looking to grow in a dynamic field where
respect, teamwork, and continuous improvement are valued? Do you enjoy an
environment where new ideas are welcomed and encouraged? This opportunity is
for you!

Saint-Georges, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/store-manager-1203)

### [Industrial Draftsperson](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-
draftsperson-92)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 22, 2025

Are you passionate about industrial drafting and eager to apply your expertise
to exciting and meaningful projects? Are you looking for a work environment
where innovation, collaboration, and professional growth are top priorities?
Whether you're a draftsperson or a designer, if you're ready to take on new
challenges within a company where each mandate is unique and tailored, this
opportunity is for you. Our client, a Quebec-based engineering firm recognized
for its personalized approach, spirit of innovation, and commitment to
excellence, is seeking an Industrial Draftsperson to join its growing team.
Primarily active in the agri-food, cosmetics, and pharmaceutical sectors, the
company stands out for its ability to deliver complex technical projects
customized to the specific needs of its clients. In this key role, you will
contribute to the design of tailored solutions by turning ideas into concrete
plans, helping to bring a wide range of engineering projects to life. You will
also collaborate with multidisciplinary teams, meet with clients, and play a
central role in delivering their installations.

Chambly, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-draftsperson-92)

### [Folding Assistant (Printing)](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/folding-
assistant-printing-708)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing | General labour - Production
Published on May 22, 2025

Our client, a company located on the South Shore of Montreal specializing in
the printing of leaflets, self-adhesive labels, and folding boxes, is
currently looking for a Folding Assistant to join its day shift team, as well
as another for the evening shift. The company is seeking candidates who are
eager to grow and develop within the team by bringing their skills and
experience.

Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/folding-assistant-printing-708)

### [Mechanical Assembly and Finishing Worker](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/mechanical-assembly-and-finishing-worker-713)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 22, 2025

A company specialized in the construction of industrial hoists, work
platforms, and the design of innovative products for the construction and
aerospace industries is looking for a mechanical assembly and finishing worker
to join its team in Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu.

Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/mechanical-assembly-and-
finishing-worker-713)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1751)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 21, 2025

Do you have your Class 1 license and want to stay local so you can be home
every night? Are you looking for a good salary and to be respected by your
employer? Our client, in business for nearly 100 years, wants to meet you! Our
client is looking for professional drivers to deliver general LTL freight. Are
you known for being a sociable person? Call us today!

Lachine, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1751)

### [Production Worker](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-worker-233)

General labour - Production

Published on May 21, 2025

Do you enjoy working with tools, assembling parts, moving materials, and
building things with precision? If working with your hands sounds like your
kind of job, this one’s made for you! Our client, a well-established Quebec-
based company in Saint-Jérôme specializing in metal transformation, is looking
for a production worker. It’s a great opportunity to show your dedication and
reliability — qualities that could very well lead to a permanent position!

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-worker-233)

### [Class 1 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1759)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 21, 2025

Are you looking for physical work to keep you healthy? Do you have a Class 1
or 3 driver’s licence? Would you like to work locally to be with your family
every evening? If you want to earn a good salary and be respected by your
employer, our client, the largest food distributor in the area, would like to
meet you! They’re looking for professional drivers to deliver to all types of
food stores. If people describe you as a social person, give us a call today.

Gatineau, Outaouais

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-1-driver-1759)

### [Vehicle Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/vehicle-mechanic-1212)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 21, 2025

Do you master the art of getting vans, trucks, and recreational vehicles back
on the road? Come put your skills to use in an environment recognized for its
expertise and team spirit! Passionate about mechanics? Our client, a renowned
Quebec-based company, has been excelling in the maintenance and repair of
light and heavy vehicles for over 70 years. Join a dynamic and well-recognized
team across the province, where your expertise will make all the difference!

Thetford Mines, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/vehicle-mechanic-1212)

### [Accounts Payable and Receivable Accounting Technician](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/accounts-payable-and-receivable-accounting-
technician-1254)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 21, 2025

Behind every well-managed payment and settled invoice is a diligent accounting
professional who ensures operational accuracy. This key role maintains the
financial fluidity of the company and guarantees that every transaction is
handled with precision. Your expertise and organizational skills will be
central to the company’s daily financial management, directly contributing to
its overall performance. If you're passionate about accounting precision and
financial management, this opportunity is for you. Our client, located in
Saint-Laurent, is seeking an Accounting Technician specialized in managing
accounts payable and receivable. You will play a vital role in the company's
financial operations by ensuring the accuracy and efficiency of transactions.

Ville St-Laurent, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounts-payable-and-receivable-
accounting-technician-1254)

### [Sorter/Dumper – General Labour](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/sorter-
dumper---general-labour-5193)

General labour - Production

Published on May 21, 2025

Our client, a rapidly growing transportation company in Brampton, is seeking a
dedicated and experienced Sorter / Dumper to join their team. If you think you
have all the qualifications for, this could be an excellent opportunity for
you.

Brampton, Greater Toronto

On call

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/sorter-dumper---general-
labour-5193)

### [Class 3 Driver](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-950)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 21, 2025

Are you looking for a class 3 driver position to drive a tanker truck? Are you
looking for a day shift and a job that will allow you to move in addition to
driving the truck? We have a brand-new opportunity for an automotive
distribution company! Contact us now! Our client is a company specializing in
the production and distribution of window washer liquid and truck additive.
They are quickly looking for a class 3 driver to fill a temporary day position
in Montreal!!

Montréal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver-950)

### [Intermediate Engineer (inspection)](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/intermediate-engineer-inspection-1867)

Engineering - Technical

Published on May 21, 2025

Are you an engineer passionate about bridges and civil engineering structures,
and looking to take on exciting new challenges? Contact us today, as we have a
unique opportunity to offer you! For over ten years, our client has been a
nationally recognized leader in the inspection of large bridges. They are
currently seeking an intermediate-level engineer, primarily responsible for
managing inspection projects, from planning to report writing.

Montréal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/intermediate-engineer-
inspection-1867)

### [Class 3 Driver – Spider Type](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/class-3-driver---spider-type-1766)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 21, 2025

Do you have a passion for working on the road and enjoy seeing the landscape
while working? This Class 3 road professional position for local work is
perfect for you. Our client, in business for several years, specializes in the
renovation field. We are looking for an autonomous person to deliver
construction materials using a spider truck.

Chambly, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/class-3-driver---spider-
type-1766)

### [Forklift Order Picker](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-order-
picker-5211)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 21, 2025

Are you looking for a permanent forklift position that is both challenging and
rewarding? If you’re experienced in operating a crown reach and crown PC
forklift, then we want to hear from you! Our client is a premium distributor
and retailer of high-quality boutique furnishments with stores across Canada.
They are establishing a new warehouse in the Fraser Valley and are looking to
hire qualified candidates for a variety of roles. Join our team in the very
first warehouse in the province!

Surrey, Greater Vancouver

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-order-picker-5211)

### [Industrial Designer](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-
designer-235)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 21, 2025

projects to life? This opportunity could be exactly what you’re looking for to
fuel your technical passion! A growing company specializing in the design and
fabrication of steel structures, fabricated metals, and industrial equipment
is seeking a new talent to join their team. Well-established and respected in
the industry, the company prides itself on a turnkey approach—from design and
engineering to manufacturing and installation. Here, every project is a
playground for curious and detail-oriented professionals. Ideas circulate
freely, expertise is shared openly, and there are plenty of opportunities to
build strong connections with colleagues.

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-designer-235)

### [Industrial Maintenance and Janitorial Attendant](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/industrial-maintenance-and-janitorial-attendant-55)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 20, 2025

Do you have experience in maintaining industrial environments and factory
settings? Do you enjoy a variety of tasks, both indoors and outdoors, and want
to contribute to the smooth operation of a production facility? Are you
looking for a stable environment where your versatility will be recognized and
valued? We have the perfect opportunity for you! Our client, located in
Boucherville, is a well-established company in the field of communications and
radio frequencies. Known for its friendly work environment and continuous
growth, the company is seeking a resourceful and proactive individual to
handle the general upkeep of its facilities and provide occasional support in
production.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-maintenance-and-
janitorial-attendant-55)

### [Forklift Order Picker](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-order-
picker-3283)

General labour - Production

Published on May 17, 2025

Are you looking for a permanent forklift position that is both challenging and
rewarding? If you’re experienced in operating a crown reach and crown PC
forklift, then we want to hear from you! Our client is a premium distributor
and retailer of high-quality boutique furnishments with stores across Canada.
They are establishing a new warehouse in the Fraser Valley and are looking to
hire qualified candidates for a variety of roles. Join our team in the very
first warehouse in the province!

Langley, Greater Vancouver

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-order-picker-3283)

### [Team Lead (Furniture Warehouse)](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/team-
lead-furniture-warehouse-3282)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on May 17, 2025

Are you able to effectively command a room? Want to test or enhance your
skills in a fast-paced environment? If you are looking for an opportunity to
expand your experience in a warehouse environment, then this is the position
for you! Our client first opened as a family business over 40 years ago and
are a fast-growing retailer of contemporary and modern furniture. They are
looking for a Warehouse Team Lead for their brand-new warehouse which has just
opened in the Fraser Valley.

Langley, Greater Vancouver

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/team-lead-furniture-
warehouse-3282)

### [Forklift Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-206)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 17, 2025

Do you enjoy operating a forklift and working in a clean, structured
environment? Are you looking for a stable position in a well-organized
warehouse where your skills will be recognized? Look no further! Our client, a
key player in the cold storage industry, is looking for experienced forklift
operators to join their day shift team. This is a great opportunity to join a
well-established and stable company!

Boisbriand, Laurentides

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-206)

### [Pallet Assembler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/pallet-assembler-672)

General labour - Production

Published on May 17, 2025

Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you a hands-on, detail-oriented team
player? Our client, a manufacturing company in the wood industry, is looking
for a Pallet Assembler for their Lévis location.

Levis, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/pallet-assembler-672)

### [Forklift Operator – Material Handler](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/forklift-operator---material-handler-671)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 17, 2025

Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you an experienced forklift operator
looking to further develop your skills? Our client, a manufacturing company in
the wood industry, is seeking a Forklift Operator – Material Handler for their
Lévis location.

Levis, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator---material-
handler-671)

### [Conventional Machinist](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/conventional-
machinist-712)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 17, 2025

Do you have experience in the manufacturing sector as a machinist, or are you
a recent graduate with relevant training? Are you a dynamic person who enjoys
learning and engaging in various projects? Are you looking for a new challenge
or simply seeking a more comprehensive challenge? We have the opportunity for
you! Our client, located in Boucherville, is a friendly company operating
since 1975 in the field of communications and radio frequencies. The company
develops and assembles communication products. They are currently looking for
someone to join their machinist team. This person will be responsible for
manufacturing and machining metal parts used in the design of communication
antennas. You will mainly work with conventional machine tools (lathe, milling
machine, surface grinder) to produce precision components according to
technical drawings and required specifications.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/conventional-machinist-712)

### [Human Resources Director](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-
director-96)

Management - Executive | Human Resources - Recruitment
Published on May 16, 2025

Are you known for your ability to unite teams, foster a strong organizational
culture, and act as a strategic HR pillar? Are you motivated by the idea of
contributing to the growth of a transforming company while ensuring a human
and proactive approach to managing human capital? This role is tailor-made for
you. Our partner, a major international company in the agri-food sector
experiencing strong growth in Canada, is looking for a Human Resources
Director for its production site located in Sorel-Tracy. Reporting to the VP
of Human Resources based at the head office, the selected candidate will play
a key role in deploying local organizational strategies while embodying the
company’s values on the ground.

Sorel-Tracy, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-director-96)

### [Driver class 3](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/driver-class-3-1774)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on May 16, 2025

Are you looking for a full-time job without the stress and traffic of daytime
work? This night shift position offers variety and the opportunity to work in
different regions across Quebec — no daily routine here! Our client, a leader
in road marking services, is currently seeking a Class 3 driver with the
automatic transmission endorsement to join their dynamic team. The ideal
candidate has at least 6 months of experience driving heavy trucks.

Saint-Eustache, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/driver-class-3-1774)

### [Human Resources Manager](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-
manager-1834)

Human Resources - Recruitment

Published on May 16, 2025

Are you passionate about human resources and looking to make a real impact
within a growing organization? Do you thrive in dynamic environments where
your leadership and interpersonal skills are valued every day? A company in
the industrial sector is currently seeking a Human Resources Manager to
support its teams and help structure internal HR practices. This strategic
role offers the opportunity to contribute to various HR initiatives while
working closely with senior management.

Montreal-Est, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-manager-1834)

### [Human Resources Coordinator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-
resources-coordinator-813)

Management - Executive | Human Resources - Recruitment
Published on May 16, 2025

Our client, a growing damage insurance brokerage firm, is seeking to structure
its HR department by hiring a Human Resources Coordinator. This is a newly
created position with a primarily operational scope, offering a unique
opportunity to implement effective HR practices and actively support team
development. The organization is looking for a pragmatic leader, comfortable
with both strategic issues and on-the-ground realities. This person must
provide practical solutions, maintain a motivating presence among the teams,
and contribute to optimizing HR processes. They must also be comfortable
managing day-to-day HR coordination, including payroll administration. This
position offers a 35-hour work week, performance-based bonuses, and a dynamic
work environment within a well-established company located in Laval. It’s a
great opportunity to play a key role in the growth of an expanding
organization that values work-life balance. An upcoming acquisition will also
open new development opportunities. Great career opportunity!

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-coordinator-813)

### [Regional Operations Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/regional-
operations-supervisor-604)

Industrial Management

Published on May 15, 2025

Are you an experienced manager, known for your organizational skills and your
ability to stay on track in a fast-paced environment? Are you looking for a
new challenge where action, rigor, and customer experience come together every
day? We are looking for a Regional Operations Supervisor to manage our two
gaming establishments located in Trois-Rivières and Quebec City. Electrifying
atmosphere, shared enjoyment, and memorable moments: here, every day brings
surprises, and you are at the heart of the experience. As an operational
pillar, you will be responsible for supervising teams, ensuring service
quality, adhering to standards and procedures, and overseeing the overall
performance of the venues. You will play a central role in coordinating
operations, achieving objectives, and engaging the staff. If you are rigorous,
proactive, and excel in both floor management and planning, this is the place
for you! **Please note: the job title posted may differ from the internal job
title to reflect commonly used market terminology**.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/regional-operations-
supervisor-604)

### [Quality Analyst](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-analyst-499)

Engineering - Technical | Skilled Trades - Manufacturing
Published on May 14, 2025

Join a dynamic team and take part in exciting projects from the very
beginning! Are you an expert in custom inspections and eager to have a direct
impact on projects from inception to completion? Do precision and attention to
detail rank among your strengths? Do you enjoy working in the field while
contributing to tangible results? With over three years of experience in the
steel industry, are you looking for new challenges? Our client, a proactive
company with nearly 20 years of expertise in metal transformation, is hiring a
Quality Analyst to join their team. In this key role, you will be responsible
for verifying and ensuring the quality of products, playing a vital role in
project success and continuous improvement in production. Make a real
difference and put your expertise to work for an innovative company!

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-analyst-499)

### [Human Resources Director on site](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-
resources-director-on-site-1800)

Human Resources - Recruitment

Published on May 14, 2025

Joining our company means becoming part of a dynamic team where people are at
the heart of every decision. For several decades, we have built our success on
strong values, a commitment to excellence, and a passion for service. Today,
we are looking for a Human Resources Director to actively contribute to the
management and development of our talent. In this strategic and operational
role, you will be at the center of initiatives aimed at optimizing the
employee experience, strengthening our culture of engagement, and supporting
business growth. Your expertise in recruitment, training, internal
communication, and employee file management will be essential in creating a
motivating and high-performing work environment.

Anjou, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/human-resources-director-on-
site-1800)

### [Pest Control Agent (Exterminator) - Temporary position](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/pest-control-agent-exterminator-temporary-position-232)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 14, 2025

Are you available for the summer season and ready for challenges that are
anything but ordinary? Great! Because here, it's you who will go after the
rodents and insects — not the other way around! Picture yourself as Sherlock
Holmes. You’ll be on the trail of unwanted pests that have settled in
residential, commercial, and industrial properties. Every day brings a new
case: inspecting attics, checking basements, and combing through forgotten
corners… basically, it's action-packed, like a detective on the lookout for
clues. Plus, you’ll be part of a close-knit team, always ready to share their
best tips to help you get comfortable and efficient in the field. Are you
ready to make a difference in the fight against pests?

Montréal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/pest-control-agent-exterminator-
temporary-position-232)

### [Customer Service Representative – After-Sales Service](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/customer-service-representative---after-sales-
service-1248)

Customer service

Published on May 14, 2025

A customer service position with a renowned Quebec-based manufacturer! Our
client is a leading Quebec company known for creating exceptional furniture.
With 35 years of success and continuous growth, this dynamic company stands
out for its culture focused on innovation, continuous improvement, and
employee well-being. Your mission? Maintain, support, and develop
relationships with clients.

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/customer-service-representative
---after-sales-service-1248)

### [Operations Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-
supervisor-1250)

Industrial Management

Published on May 13, 2025

"Cleanliness is a reflection of order and discipline." This philosophy guides
our daily commitment to managing cleaning and hygiene services. For over 25
years, our partner—a well-established company in the field of cleaning and
disinfection—has stood out for the quality of its services and its
professionalism. Serving a diverse clientele in both the public and private
sectors, the company is dedicated to operational excellence and client
satisfaction, building lasting relationships based on trust. As part of its
growth, the company is currently seeking an Operations Supervisor. In this key
position, you will be responsible for coordinating field teams, ensuring
strict compliance with quality standards, and overseeing the smooth running of
day-to-day operations. Your role will be essential in maintaining a clean,
safe, and welcoming environment, while ensuring customer satisfaction. The
ideal candidate is proactive, organized, and possesses strong leadership
skills. Significant experience in team management within the industrial,
institutional, or related cleaning sectors is essential. This position offers
an excellent opportunity to build a career within a structured, stimulating,
and rewarding environment, in a growing company that values professionalism,
commitment, and the development of its talents.

Dorval, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/operations-supervisor-1250)

### [Production Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-
operator-689)

General labour - Production

Published on May 13, 2025

Our client is the largest Canadian manufacturer and a leader in its field.
They are also in constant growth. If you are looking for an opportunity to
develop your technical skills, our client is looking for exactly this profile.
Join a dynamic and human team.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/production-operator-689)

### [Heavy Duty Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-duty-
mechanic-498)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 13, 2025

Our partner, located in Sept-Îles, is a trusted ally for group travel. We are
looking for a dynamic mechanic, detail-oriented and ready to contribute to
maintaining a safe and high-performance fleet. Your contribution will play a
crucial role in our ongoing commitment to excellence and customer
satisfaction.

Sept-Iles, Cote-Nord

Filled

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/heavy-duty-mechanic-498)

### [Business Development Director](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/business-
development-director-1833)

Information technology | Sales
Published on May 13, 2025

Are you passionate about business development and the growth of a franchise
network? Our client is looking for a dynamic and strategic Business
Development Director to join their team. In this key role, you will be
responsible for expanding their franchise network across Canada, identifying
opportunities, prospecting new franchisees, and representing their brand.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/business-development-
director-1833)

### [External HVAC Sales Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/external-hvac-sales-representative-982)

Sales

Published on May 13, 2025

As an independent contractor, you will have the opportunity to set your own
schedule, allowing you to effectively balance your professional and personal
commitments. This position is entirely commission-based, perfect for motivated
individuals who aim to achieve and exceed sales targets through door-to-door
sales. Whether you are looking to make HVAC sales your main full-time career
or simply want to supplement your income by working part-time, this
opportunity is ideal for motivated sales professionals. The majority of your
sales efforts will involve direct interaction with potential clients in the
Greater Montreal area, making strong interpersonal skills and perseverance
essential for success.

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/external-hvac-sales-
representative-982)

### [Security Systems Installator (CCQ Companion)](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/security-systems-installator-ccq-companion-1262)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 13, 2025

Are you ready to take on a new challenge? Let’s check together if you have
everything it takes: ✅ A valid CCQ (Quebec Construction Commission) card in
hand. ✅ Your ASP health and safety cards ready for use. ✅ A Bureau of Private
Security card (or the ability to obtain one quickly). If you tick all these
boxes, you are exactly the person our client wants on their team! You will
play a key role in the installation, repair, troubleshooting, and maintenance
of security systems for a diverse clientele. This is a great opportunity for
an experienced specialist!

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/security-systems-installator-ccq-
companion-1262)

### [Service Technician](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/service-
technician-1255)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 13, 2025

A well-solved problem is a job well done. Our client, located in L'Île-Perrot,
is looking for a passionate service technician who can diagnose, maintain, and
repair various equipment, including engines (gasoline and/or diesel), while
providing excellent customer service. The ideal candidate has strong practical
experience in mechanics, particularly with engines, can work independently,
and demonstrates thoroughness and professionalism in every intervention. They
must be able to handle pressure effectively, analyze situations quickly, and
propose solutions tailored to each client's specific needs. If you enjoy
solving technical problems, have a good team spirit, and want to work in a
stimulating environment, this position could be your next opportunity.

L'Ile-Perrot, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/service-technician-1255)

### [Quality Control Technician](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-
control-technician-1252)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 13, 2025

Quality control is much more than just a process; it is the art of
transforming rigor into excellence and precision into trust. Our client,
located in Laval, is currently seeking a Quality Control Technician. The role
will involve ensuring that production operations meet product and process
quality standards, while ensuring compliance with food safety regulations.
He/she will play a key role in continuous improvement and maintaining the
company’s high standards. Our business partner, a company specializing in
infant nutrition, offers tailored solutions under private labels and positions
itself as a key player in the development of food products for young children.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/quality-control-technician-1252)

### [Accountant](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accountant-472)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 12, 2025

This company, specialized in manufacturing products that meet sanitation and
cleaning needs across three key sectors, supermarkets, industry, and agri-
food, is looking for an accountant to join its team in Boucherville.

Boucherville, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accountant-472)

### [Assembler - Electrical Panel Builder](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/assembler-electrical-panel-builder-998)

General labour - Production

Published on May 10, 2025

Do you have experience in electrical panel assembly? Are you able to read and
interpret technical drawings and schematics? Are you a hands-on, meticulous
person with attention to detail? If the answer is yes, we would love to meet
you! We are looking for an assembler-builder to assemble control panels and
install electrical components. This role requires a high level of technical
precision and a collaborative spirit.

Saint-Hyacinthe, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-electrical-panel-
builder-998)

### [Procurement Analyst](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/procurement-
analyst-1843)

Purchasing

Published on May 9, 2025

Our client, a public sector organization, is seeking a Procurement Analyst to
join their team. This strategic role involves overseeing and optimizing
procurement processes, with a particular focus on contract management,
coordination of calls for tenders, and ensuring compliance with applicable
laws, policies, and procedures.

Rosemere, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/procurement-analyst-1843)

### [Supervisor – Metal Manufacturing](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/supervisor---metal-manufacturing-490)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 9, 2025

Renowned for its expertise and commitment to innovation, this company has
earned a strong reputation in the metals industry through its quality-driven,
efficient, and customer-oriented approach. To support its ongoing growth and
strengthen its team, our client is currently seeking a motivated and proactive
Production Supervisor who is ready to take on hands-on challenges at the heart
of their manufacturing operations. As a key player in the production chain,
you will be responsible for coordinating and optimizing production activities
to ensure timely and efficient delivery of orders to clients.

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/supervisor---metal-
manufacturing-490)

### [Skid Checker](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/skid-checker-5192)

General labour - Production

Published on May 9, 2025

Our client, a rapidly growing transportation company in Brampton, is seeking a
dedicated and experienced Skid Checker to join their team. If you have a
background in shipping and receiving, this could be an excellent opportunity
for you.

Brampton, Greater Toronto

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/skid-checker-5192)

### [Shipping Clerk and Delivery Assistant](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/shipping-clerk-and-delivery-assistant-1247)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on May 8, 2025

A well-established Quebec-based SME, recognized in the Canadian market, is
looking for your expertise—especially your strong sense of responsibility. Our
client, a local company, has experienced steady growth over the past few years
through several strategic acquisitions, allowing it to further diversify its
offerings in the medical and paramedical sectors. Driven by a strong desire to
evolve and innovate, it has secured a significant position in the distribution
of specialized equipment by forming major partnerships and acquiring companies
across Canada.

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/shipping-clerk-and-delivery-
assistant-1247)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-152)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You’ll become part of a leading company, one of the best in its
field in Canada, that values your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-
potential book of business. This is an environment where your ideas matter,
your knowledge is valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Rouyn-Noranda, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-152)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Step Into the Business World!](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-step-into-the-business-
world-231)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You know how to spot opportunities, build strong client relationships, and
deliver real results. Today, you're looking for more than just a job — you're
ready for a new project where your experience in sales and service meets your
entrepreneurial mindset. You may not have stepped into the world of financial
security just yet, but you already have what it takes to succeed: a natural
ability to connect with people, a business-savvy mindset, and the drive to go
further. Here, you’ll have access to a structured environment, modern tools,
and support from a Canada-renowned expert in the financial field — all in a
motivating atmosphere where your ambition can truly thrive.

Drummondville, Centre-du-Quebec

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-step-
into-the-business-world-231)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Step Into the Business World!](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-step-into-the-business-
world-230)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You know how to spot opportunities, build strong client relationships, and
deliver real results. Today, you're looking for more than just a job — you're
ready for a new project where your experience in sales and service meets your
entrepreneurial mindset. You may not have stepped into the world of financial
security just yet, but you already have what it takes to succeed: a natural
ability to connect with people, a business-savvy mindset, and the drive to go
further. Here, you’ll have access to a structured environment, modern tools,
and support from a Canada-renowned expert in the financial field — all in a
motivating atmosphere where your ambition can truly thrive.

Saint-Hyacinthe, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-step-
into-the-business-world-230)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Build Your Business Within a
Company!](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-business-within-a-company-171)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could turn your ambition into a thriving career? As a financial
advisor for an award-winning company, one of the top in its field in Canada,
you’ll have the unique opportunity to build your own business within this
major player in the financial industry. We’re not just hiring advisors, we’re
developing long-term entrepreneurs. Your mission: guide your clients to
success by understanding their financial goals, offering tailored solutions,
and supporting them every step of the way. There are people today who have
money and need an expert to guide them. That’s where you come in. As a self-
employed worker, you have the opportunity to build your own network, develop,
and manage your professional future. It’s a business within a business, and we
provide all the tools you need to succeed. We’re looking for someone with
energy, a true team spirit, and a belief in the power of co-development!

Rouyn-Noranda, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-business-within-a-company-171)

### [Financial Security Advisor – For Rising Talents](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---for-rising-talents-170)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

Your professional background is starting to carry weight in the financial
security market. Now, you need an environment designed to help you grow in
value. What you really want is to continue your practice, keep building your
client base, and make your mark—while benefiting from solid support and
strategic advice to guide your progression. Simply put: an entrepreneurial
approach with the structure and resources of a company. If you want to put
your skills to work for a top-tier player, one of the best in its field in
Canada, driven by a modern vision and powered by cutting-edge technology,
you’re looking in the right place. Standing still isn’t an option here: you’ll
have access to an ambitious playing field that fosters innovation and forward
thinking. And of course, because your impact matters, you can expect
compensation that truly reflects the value you bring.

Trois-Rivières, Mauricie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---for-
rising-talents-170)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Build Your Business Within a
Company!](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-business-within-a-company-169)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could turn your ambition into a flourishing career? As a financial
advisor for an award-winning company, ranked among the best in its field in
Canada, you will have the unique opportunity to create your own business
within this major player in the financial sector. We are not just recruiting
advisors; we are training long-term entrepreneurs. Your mission: guide your
clients to success by understanding their financial goals, offering tailored
solutions, and supporting them every step of the way. There are people today
who have money and need an expert to guide them. That’s where you come in. As
a self-employed worker, you have the opportunity to build your own network,
develop, and manage your professional future. It’s a business within a
business, and we provide all the tools you need to succeed. We’re looking for
someone with energy, a true team spirit, and a belief in the power of co-
development!

Gatineau, Outaouais

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-business-within-a-company-169)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Build your business within a
business!](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---build-
your-business-within-a-business-166)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could turn your ambition into a flourishing career? As a financial
advisor for an award-winning company, one of the top players in the field in
Canada, you’ll have the unique opportunity to build your own business within a
leading force in the financial industry. Your mission: guide your clients to
success by understanding their financial goals, offering tailored solutions,
and supporting them every step of the way. There are people today who have
money and need an expert to guide them. That’s where you come in. As a self-
employed worker, you have the opportunity to build your own network, develop,
and manage your professional future. It’s a business within a business, and we
provide all the tools you need to succeed. We’re looking for someone with
energy, a true team spirit, and a belief in the power of co-development!

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
build-your-business-within-a-business-166)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Build Your Success, One Client at a
Time](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-your-
success-one-client-at-a-time-173)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could transform your ambition into a flourishing career? As a
financial advisor for an award-winning company, ranked among the best in its
field in Canada, you will play a key role in helping your clients make
informed decisions for their financial future. Your mission: understand their
financial goals, offer tailored solutions, and guide them toward success. As a
self-employed professional, you will build your own business and manage your
professional future. Whether you are just starting out or looking to give your
career a new boost, our client offers all the support you need to build and
grow your client base. Ongoing training, customized coaching, and highly
advantageous compensation await you.

Drummondville, Centre-du-Quebec

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-success-one-client-at-a-time-173)

### [Financial Security Advisor – For Rising Talents](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---for-rising-talents-172)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

Your professional background is starting to carry weight in the financial
security market. Now, you need an environment designed to help you grow in
value. What you really want is to continue your practice, keep building your
client base, and make your mark—while benefiting from solid support and
strategic advice to guide your progression. Simply put: an entrepreneurial
approach with the structure and resources of a company. If you're looking to
put your skills to work for a leading player (among the best) in the field,
backed by a forward-thinking vision and equipped with cutting-edge technology,
you’re in the right place. There's no standing still here: you'll have access
to an ambitious playing field, ideal for innovation and forward momentum. And
of course, because your impact matters, you can expect compensation that
matches the value you bring.

Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---for-
rising-talents-172)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Build Your Success, One Client at a
Time](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-your-
success-one-client-at-a-time-168)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could transform your ambition into a flourishing career? As a
financial advisor for an award-winning company, ranked among the best in its
field in Canada, you will play a key role in helping your clients make
informed decisions for their financial future. Your mission: understand their
financial goals, offer tailored solutions, and guide them toward success. As a
self-employed professional, you will build your own business and manage your
professional future. Whether you are just starting out or looking to give your
career a new boost, our client offers all the support you need to build and
grow your client base. Ongoing training, customized coaching, and highly
advantageous compensation await you.

Sherbrooke, Estrie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-success-one-client-at-a-time-168)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Build Your Success, One Client at a
Time](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-your-
success-one-client-at-a-time-167)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

What if you could transform your ambition into a flourishing career? As a
financial advisor for an award-winning company, ranked among the best in its
field in Canada, you will play a key role in helping your clients make
informed decisions for their financial future. Your mission: understand their
financial goals, offer tailored solutions, and guide them toward success. As a
self-employed professional, you will build your own business and manage your
professional future. Whether you are just starting out or looking to give your
career a new boost, our client offers all the support you need to build and
grow your client base. Ongoing training, customized coaching, and highly
advantageous compensation await you.

Saint-Hyacinthe, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-build-
your-success-one-client-at-a-time-167)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Give Your Career a New Boost](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-give-your-career-a-new-
boost-165)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You already know what you’re doing. You have experience, confidence, and
you're not afraid to claim your place. But today, you feel it’s time for a
change. Here, we won’t try to fit you into a mold. Instead, we offer you the
space to evolve your career at your own pace, with the right tools and real
support to develop in the way that suits you best. Our client, a nationally
recognized company (ranked among the best), offers you the opportunity to
build your own business, while being supported at every step. You’ll remain
independent, but with access to high-quality guidance, practical training, and
compensation that truly reflects your efforts.

Rimouski, Bas-Saint-Laurent

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-give-
your-career-a-new-boost-165)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Give Your Career a New Boost](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-give-your-career-a-new-
boost-164)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You already know what you’re doing. You have experience, confidence, and
you're not afraid to claim your place. But today, you feel it’s time for a
change. Here, we won’t try to fit you into a mold. Instead, we offer you the
space to evolve your career at your own pace, with the right tools and real
support to develop in the way that suits you best. Our client, a nationally
recognized company (ranked among the best in its field), offers you the
opportunity to build your own business, while being supported at every step.
You’ll remain independent, but with access to high-quality guidance, practical
training, and compensation that truly reflects your efforts.

Saguenay, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-give-
your-career-a-new-boost-164)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-158)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You'll be part of a top-tier company (ranked among the best) that
leverages your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-potential business
book. This is an environment where your ideas matter, your knowledge is
valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Saguenay, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-158)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-157)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You'll be part of a top-tier company (ranked among the best) that
leverages your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-potential business
book. This is an environment where your ideas matter, your knowledge is
valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Sherbrooke, Estrie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-157)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-156)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You'll be part of a top-tier company (ranked among the best) that
leverages your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-potential business
book. This is an environment where your ideas matter, your knowledge is
valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-156)

### [Financial Security Advisor - A major book of business is ready for you to
take on](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-a-major-
book-of-business-is-ready-for-you-to-take-on-155)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

With over 25 years of experience, you have built a solid reputation founded on
rigor, expertise, and trusted relationships. Today, you're ready to take the
next step—seeking more diverse solutions to provide your clients with even
more comprehensive service. Here, you’ll join a leading company—ranked among
the best in its field in Canada—offering you the opportunity to build on an
existing book of business while gaining access to more powerful tools and
products. It’s a chance to strengthen and grow a high-potential portfolio,
backed by a structure that truly values your expertise. In this environment,
you'll not only continue to make a meaningful impact on your clients' lives,
but also thrive in a culture where people are at the heart of every decision.
A place where you can align your work with your passions—and leave a lasting
mark on your clients' journey.

Sept-Iles, Cote-Nord

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-a-
major-book-of-business-is-ready-for-you-to-take-on-155)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Expertise at your fingertips, the framework
to take it further](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-
expertise-at-your-fingertips-the-framework-to-take-it-further-162)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

Your expertise has been recognized in the industry for many years, and your
professional background positions you as a credible and trusted advisor. You
are now progressing toward a model that aligns with your level of commitment
and elevates your approach from quality service to sustainable, long-term
solutions. Today, you are seeking an environment that values your technical
expertise and strategic insight—one built on strong foundations and proven
methodologies, where individual ambitions are supported by a collective
vision. The ideal setting? A stable framework and an ambitious playground that
enable continued growth without ever losing sight of the human element behind
every financial strategy. Expanding an existing client base comes naturally to
you: you have a keen eye for potential and a proven ability to build enduring
relationships founded on trust. Here, you take your practice to the next
level, while remaining true to your client-centric approach. You bring your
expertise to a leading institution, one of the top companies in its field in
Canada, that values your experience and invests in your ability to create
meaningful impact. Naturally, your commitment is reflected in a compensation
structure aligned with your contributions and potential.

Quebec, Capitale-Nationale

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-
expertise-at-your-fingertips-the-framework-to-take-it-further-162)

### [Financial Security Advisor - Take Over a Business Book. Put Your
Expertise to Work.](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-
take-over-a-business-book-put-your-expertise-to-work-161)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation founded on rigor, attentive listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the
solutions you offer but in your ability to bring clarity, direction, and
meaning to each one. Today, you're looking to grow within an environment that
provides concrete tools, genuine recognition of your results, and competitive
advantages aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from
scratch. You build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for
long-term performance. You’ll become part of a leading company, one of the
best in its field in Canada, that values your expertise to strengthen and grow
a high-potential book of business. This is an environment where your ideas
matter, your knowledge is valued, and people remain at the heart of every
decision.

Thetford Mines, Chaudiere-Appalaches

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor-take-
over-a-business-book-put-your-expertise-to-work-161)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-154)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You’ll become part of a leading company, one of the best in its
field in Canada, that values your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-
potential book of business. This is an environment where your ideas matter,
your knowledge is valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-154)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-153)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You’ll become part of a leading company, one of the best in its
field in Canada, that values your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-
potential book of business. This is an environment where your ideas matter,
your knowledge is valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Gatineau, Outaouais

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-153)

### [Financial Security Advisor – Business Book Takeover. Put your expertise
to work](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---business-
book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-151)

Accounting - Finance

Published on May 8, 2025

You’ve built a solid reputation based on rigor, active listening, and a
genuine desire to guide your clients. Your strength lies not only in the offer
itself but in your ability to clarify, guide, and give meaning to every
solution. You’re considering a new environment—one that provides you with real
tools, tangible recognition for your results, and competitive advantages
aligned with your level of commitment. Here, you don’t start from scratch. You
build on your existing strengths and join a path designed for long-term
performance. You’ll become part of a leading company, one of the best in its
field in Canada, that values your expertise to strengthen and grow a high-
potential book of business. This is an environment where your ideas matter,
your knowledge is valued, and people remain at the heart of every decision.

Trois-Rivières, Mauricie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/financial-security-advisor---
business-book-takeover-put-your-expertise-to-work-151)

### [Industrial Mechanic](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-
mechanic-1315)

General labour - Production

Published on May 7, 2025

Do you enjoy working in a family-run company that values environmental
responsibility and specializes in cleaning? Well, you’ve come to the right
place. Our client is a company specializing in waste recycling, operating in
Montréal, Quebec, and several other provinces across Canada. They serve
numerous Quebec-based businesses in the recycling sector. Their mission is to
optimize recyclable materials and turn them into added value for society. We
are currently seeking an industrial mechanic with a passion for cleanliness to
join our team. The ideal candidate will be detail-oriented, organized, and
respectful of environmental values.

Lachine, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/industrial-mechanic-1315)

### [Handyman](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/handyman-953)

General labour - Production

Published on May 6, 2025

Are you looking for a permanent position within a dynamic team? Do you want to
work for a company where the worker is the key to success? If the answer is
yes, we have the job for you! This is an excellent opportunity to grow
professionally and achieve your greatest goals! Our client is a company
specializing in the adaptation and transformation of various road vehicles.

Lavaltrie, Lanaudiere

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/handyman-953)

### [CCQ Plumber](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/ccq-plumber-150)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on May 3, 2025

Are you passionate about plumbing and committed to great customer service? Do
you enjoy variety in your work, satisfied clients, and the feeling of a job
well done—without having to chase down parts or follow-ups? If you're ready to
join a team that values your expertise and your well-being, this opportunity
is for you. Here, you can focus on what you do best: plumbing. A full team has
your back—three project managers, a service department, and a parts
department. You’ll be supported, equipped, and respected.

Ville St-Laurent, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/ccq-plumber-150)

### [Tax Compliance Specialist](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/tax-compliance-
specialist-827)

Accounting - Finance | Management - Executive
Published on May 2, 2025

Exciting opportunity in a dynamic professional environment! Are you looking to
grow within an organization where people are at the heart of priorities, where
the quality of work is valued, and where work-life balance is truly taken
seriously? We are currently recruiting a Tax Compliance Specialist to join one
of our client's offices. This is an excellent opportunity for a motivated
professional to thrive in a modern, collaborative environment focused on
excellence.

Brossard, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/tax-compliance-specialist-827)

### [Engineer / Construction Project Manager](/en/job-seekers/available-
jobs/engineer-construction-project-manager-823)

Engineering - Technical | Construction
Published on May 2, 2025

Ready to lead ambitious and high-quality projects? Our client stands out for
its unique expertise in enhancing the real estate assets of its partners by
delivering exceptional institutional projects. These projects, which include
key infrastructure for the community, are carried out with a constant focus on
excellence. The company’s commitment is based on strict adherence to budgets
and schedules, ensuring results that exceed expectations. We are currently
looking for a passionate Project Manager who is a member of the Ordre des
ingénieurs du Québec. If you want to make a difference, leave your mark, and
contribute to large-scale institutional projects that shape the future, we
would love to meet you!

Montréal, Montreal

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/engineer-construction-project-
manager-823)

### [Controller](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/controller-815)

Accounting - Finance | Management - Executive
Published on May 2, 2025

Our client, a company based in the Outaouais region, is looking for a
Controller to oversee its accounting operations. Reporting to the Chief
Financial Officer, you will be responsible for managing the accounting and
administration team while ensuring compliance with legal standards, internal
policies, and best practices. Join a dynamic team and contribute to innovative
projects that enhance your creativity. Benefit from tailored support to
develop your skills and advance your career. Enjoy a motivating work
environment that combines balance, flexibility, and recognition of your
talents. Apply now and unlock your full potential with our client!

Ange-Gardien, Monteregie

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/controller-815)

### [Forklift Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-205)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on May 1, 2025

Are you looking for an exciting job? Do you have a valid forklift operator's
license? Are you resourceful, independent, and enjoy physical work? This is a
fantastic career opportunity for forklift operators with our client located in
Laval! If you're ready for new challenges, we want to meet you! Send us your
resume today!

Laval, Laval

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-205)

### [Daily Painters](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/daily-painters-223)

General labour - Production

Published on May 1, 2025

Are you looking to work in a dynamic environment where your attention to
detail and precision will be valued? This opportunity is for you! Our client,
a company specializing in commercial furniture manufacturing, is growing and
seeking Daily Painters to strengthen its team.

Repentigny, Lanaudiere

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/daily-painters-223)

### [Assembler / Material Handler](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-
material-handler-227)

General labour - Production

Published on May 1, 2025

Do you have experience in material handling and electronic assembly? Are you
comfortable lifting loads of up to 50 lbs? This opportunity might be just what
you’re looking for! Our client, an innovative company based in Saint-Eustache,
has been a recognized player in the road signage manufacturing industry for
over 25 years. To support its production needs, the company is currently
seeking a Temporary Assembler / Material Handler.

Saint-Eustache, Laurentides

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/assembler-material-handler-227)

### [Accounting Technician](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-
technician-5183)

Accounting - Finance

Published on April 29, 2025

Are you organized, detail-oriented, and passionate about numbers? Join our
dynamic team as an Accounting Technician and play a key role in supporting our
accounting operations and management team. You will be responsible for
handling daily financial tasks, supporting project management, and maintaining
strong relationships with clients and suppliers. This is an exciting
opportunity for someone who enjoys working in a collaborative environment,
values precision, and is looking to grow within a stable and reputable
organization.

Mississauga, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/accounting-technician-5183)

### [Welder](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-201)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on April 24, 2025

Are you looking for new challenges? Do you want to find a job quickly within a
dynamic team? This job opportunity is made for you! Our client, located in
Saint-Jérôme, is a leading Quebec-based company recognized for its ability to
create exceptional furniture for 35 years. They are currently looking for a
welder.

Saint-Jerome, Laurentides

Temporary leading to permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/welder-201)

### [++ FILLED ++ Maintenance and Repair Agent - Relocation bonus](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/filled-maintenance-and-repair-agent-relocation-
bonus-176)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on April 24, 2025

Are you resourceful, handy with your hands and looking for a stable job? This
opportunity is for you! Our Rouyn-Noranda-based client is looking for a
handyman to maintain and renovate its six buildings. Painting, flooring,
miscellaneous repairs, basic electricity - in short, if you like things done
well, and always find a solution to the little glitches of everyday life, this
is the job for you! With a competitive salary of $28 per hour, a relocation
bonus and a truck, trailer and tools provided, you'll have everything you need
to work well and feel at home in Rouyn-Noranda.

Rouyn-Noranda, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-maintenance-and-repair-
agent-relocation-bonus-176)

### [++ FILLED ++ General maintenance agent – Relocation](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/filled-general-maintenance-agent---relocation-175)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing

Published on April 24, 2025

Recently retired, but still want to stay active? Here's a great opportunity to
put your know-how to good use, with flexible hours and a stable job! Our
Rouyn-Noranda-based client is looking for a general maintenance agent to
maintain and renovate its six buildings. Paint, floors, basic electricity,
various repairs... If something needs fixing, you're the one to call! With a
competitive salary of $28 per hour, a relocation bonus and a truck, trailer
and tools provided, you'll have everything you need to work in the best
possible conditions.

Rouyn-Noranda, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-general-maintenance-agent
---relocation-175)

### [++FILLED++ Graphic Designer - Protective Films and Car Customization
(Relocation)](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-graphic-designer-
protective-films-and-car-customization-relocation-165)

Marketing | Skilled Trades - Manufacturing
Published on April 23, 2025

If you love seeing your creations come to life and hit the road with pride,
this opportunity is for you! Do you dream of turning your passion for graphic
design and vehicle customization into a career? Whether you're currently
studying, a recent graduate, or an experienced designer, your energy,
creativity, and team spirit make all the difference! At our client’s company,
the team thrives on exciting projects and innovation! Join a modern, well-
equipped workshop where every day is a new opportunity to create impactful and
unique visuals. Plus, you'll enjoy a dynamic work environment, a friendly
atmosphere, and the exceptional lifestyle that Rouyn-Noranda has to offer!

Rouyn-Noranda, Abitibi-Temiscamingue

Filled

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/filled-graphic-designer-
protective-films-and-car-customization-relocation-165)

### [Sales Director – Inspire Trust and Lead Your Team](/en/job-
seekers/available-jobs/sales-director---inspire-trust-and-lead-your-team-163)

Sales

Published on April 14, 2025

The weekend just ended. You’ve been full throttle on the ATV trails, breathed
in the fresh air, and then stopped by the local snack bar for a Matane shrimp
roll. There’s nothing better to unwind, enjoy your hometown, and recharge your
energy. Monday morning arrives. But not with dread. No. You’re excited to get
back to the office, reconnect with your team, coach, inspire, and build.
Because when you’re in your element, surrounded by the right people, you know
you’re making a difference. And that's exactly what our client is looking for
– a sales director like you – a human leader, a unifier, grounded in reality.
Not a boss, but a coach. Someone with experience in insurance, who understands
the challenges of the job and knows how to build trust. You don’t need to be
the best salesperson; it’s about making others shine.

Rimouski, Bas-Saint-Laurent

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/sales-director---inspire-trust-
and-lead-your-team-163)

### [Forklift Operator](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-3281)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on April 7, 2025

Our client is a leader in the transportation industry, specifically in the LTL
and TL sectors with a reputation for innovation and service excellence. As one
of Canada’s Best Managed Companies, their terminal network provides
representation at every major center across Canada. They aim to provide their
clients with superior customer service that goes along with a reputation of
friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable drivers. The successful candidate must
be capable of dealing with progressive growth and adhere to company policies.
One of our clients, located in Richmond, is currently looking for a Forklift
and Reach truck operator.

Richmond, Greater Vancouver

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/forklift-operator-3281)

### [Evening Team Leader](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/evening-team-
leader-1330)

Industrial Management

Published on April 2, 2025

Our client is a large company specialized in the fashion industry. It has a
vast market with over 400 stores in Canada and the United States and boasts a
strong internal workforce estimated at over 6,000 employees. Currently, we are
seeking an evening shift team leader capable of managing a team of 15 to 25
employees performing one or more of the following activities: receiving,
stocking, replenishing pick locations, picking, and shipping.

Mont-Royal, Montreal

Temporary

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/evening-team-leader-1330)

### [Machine Operator (Corrugator)](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/machine-
operator-corrugator-5182)

Driver - Forklift Operator

Published on March 14, 2025

Have you ever had an inkling for fixing and working with your hands to repair
things? Do you enjoy troubleshooting and identifying problems, and coming up
with innovative solutions? Do you enjoy working as part of a team to achieve a
common goal? Are you up for the challenge of learning how to operate one-of-a-
kind machines and mechanical devices? If you have answered yes to these
questions, we have been looking for you! Our client is in need of a dynamic,
positive, and energetic individual with some mechanical aptitude. This large
national company operating in both the US and Canada is currently looking to
train and groom the next Machine Operator at their plant in Mississauga, ON.

Mississauga, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/machine-operator-corrugator-5182)

### [Logistics Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/logistics-
supervisor-5180)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on March 4, 2025

Ready to take the wheel in logistics leadership? Our client, a leader in
automotive manufacturing, is gearing up to welcome a Logistics Supervisor for
a newly created position at their Woodbridge, ON facility. Reporting directly
to the Materials Manager, you’ll be steering a team of seasoned Shipping and
Receiving Supervisors with a focus on optimizing warehouse operations and
logistics management. With your leadership skills and expertise in logistics
systems, you’ll assess, improve, and implement best practices to boost
efficiency and performance. If you’re ready to take charge and steer the team
towards success, we want to hear from you!

Woodbridge, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/logistics-supervisor-5180)

### [Materials Supervisor](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/materials-
supervisor-5179)

Transportation - Logistics

Published on March 4, 2025

Buckle up! Our client, a leader in automotive manufacturing, is on the lookout
for a Materials Supervisor to steer their operations in Woodbridge, ON. In
this role, you’ll be in the driver’s seat for demand planning, master
scheduling, and optimizing inventory management. With your expertise in ERP
systems and knack for streamlining processes, you’ll help keep their
production line running smoother than a freshly waxed car. If you are
passionate about process improvement and thrive in dynamic environments, this
opportunity offers the chance to make a meaningful impact within a
collaborative and forward-thinking organization.

Woodbridge, Greater Toronto

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/materials-supervisor-5179)

### [Outside Sales Representative](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/outside-
sales-representative-3280)

Sales

Published on January 27, 2025

Are you an accomplished sales expert with a proven track record of achievement
within the HVAC industry? Is your forte in cultivating and nurturing client
relationships, both new and established? If this describes you, we are pleased
to present a remarkable opportunity that might align perfectly with your
expertise. Our client, a distinguished manufacturer and distributor of HVAC
equipment, is currently experiencing a phase of consistent expansion. In light
of this growth, they are actively seeking skilled HVAC Sales professionals for
both full-time and part-time positions. The ideal candidates are those who
have demonstrated a substantial history of success and unwavering integrity in
their career trajectory. If you're a motivated sales professional, driven by
results, with a deep-rooted passion for HVAC, and a sincere aspiration for a
fulfilling career in sales, we encourage you to seize this chance by applying
today.

Halifax, Halifax

Permanent

[See posting](/en/job-seekers/available-jobs/outside-sales-
representative-3280)

**1 - 185** of 185

1

No positions correspond to your profile?

Submit your spontaneous application

### Spontaneous application

## Our practical job search tips

[See similar postings](/en/tips)

#### [How to manage your time and keep your balance during the fall
season](/en/tips/job-seekers/how-to-manage-your-time-and-keep-your-balance-
during-the-fall-season)

October 13, 2022

The beginning of the fall season is for many a time when projects take shape
as we return to work refreshed and energized by the summer break. This time
allowed us to clear our minds and…

[See the full article](/en/tips/job-seekers/how-to-manage-your-time-and-keep-
your-balance-during-the-fall-season)

#### [The evolution of an employment agency to a national human resources
firm](/en/tips/job-seekers/the-evolution-of-an-employment-agency-to-a-
national-human-resources-firm)

November 2, 2022

On June 22nd, it is with great enthusiasm that Bedard Human Resources made the
transition to a new brand image. This new image reflects its evolution from a
recruitment and placement…

[See the full article](/en/tips/job-seekers/the-evolution-of-an-employment-
agency-to-a-national-human-resources-firm)

#### [Connected or not? That is the question](/en/tips/job-seekers/connected-
or-not-that-is-the-question)

November 22, 2022

The COVID-19 pandemic has deeply changed the job market as we knew it before.
Remote work, while a very appealing option for many workers, has brought its
fair share of issues that…

[See the full article](/en/tips/job-seekers/connected-or-not-that-is-the-
question)

#### [Mental health in the workplace: context, challenges and
solutions](/en/tips/job-seekers/mental-health-in-the-workplace-context-
challenges-and-solutions)

February 13, 2023

Reading time – 5 minutes

[See the full article](/en/tips/job-seekers/mental-health-in-the-workplace-
context-challenges-and-solutions)

[See similar postings](/en/tips)

Search

#### Search job offer

#### Narrow your search

Field

Food production and services (7)

Customer service (6)

Accounting - Finance (35)

Skilled Trades - Manufacturing (42)

Sales (11)

General labour - Production (24)

Human Resources - Recruitment (10)

Driver - Forklift Operator (22)

Industrial Management (9)

Engineering - Technical (6)

Construction (3)

Administrative Support (8)

Marketing (2)

Purchasing (2)

Transportation - Logistics (8)

Information technology (5)

Management - Executive (6)

Location

Quebec (164)

Ontario (14)

British Columbia (4)

Alberta (2)

Nova Scotia (1)

Search a city

Status

  * Any contract type (185) 
  * Temporary (25) 
  * Temporary leading to permanent (6) 
  * Permanent (144) 
  * Long term (7) 
  * On call (1) 
  * Filled (2) 

  * [Tips](/en/tips)
  * [About](/en/about)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)
  * [Join our team](/en/join-our-team)

[](https://www.facebook.com/B%C3%A9dard-Ressources-122433792483410/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/b-dard-ressources)
[](https://www.instagram.com/bedardressources/)

© Bédard Ressources Inc., 2021 – All rights reserved | Permit #AP-2000318   |   [Legal Notice](/en/legal-notice)
  * [Job search](/en/job-search)
[Job search](/en/job-search)

    * [Job Opportunities](/en/job-search/job-opportunities)
    * [Executives and High-Level Management](/en/job-search/executives-and-high-level-management)
    * [Sectors of activity](/en/job-search/sectors-of-activity)
    * [IT Jobs](/en/job-search/it-jobs)
  * [Employers](/en/employers)
[Employers](/en/employers)

    * [Fields of expertise](/en/employers/fields-of-expertise)
    * [Employment Agency](/en/employers/employment-agency)
    * [Permanent Recruitment](/en/employers/permanent-recruitment)
    * [International recruitment](/en/employers/international-recruitment)
    * [Headhunting for managers and executive staff](/en/employers/headhunting-for-managers-and-executive-staff)
    * [Management Consulting Services](/en/employers/management-consulting-services)
    * [Human Resources Services](/en/employers/human-resources-services)
    * [Outsourcing](/en/employers/outsourcing)
  * [Tips](/en/tips)

  * [Contact](/en/contact)

  * [About](/en/about)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)
  * [Join our team](/en/join-our-team)
  * [ EN ](/en/job-search/job-opportunities)
  * [ FR ](/recherche-d-emploi/emplois-disponibles)

  * [Legal Notice](/en/legal-notice)

